## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 27 Aug 2020 08:22:10 GMT

[User count: 4086](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(11 messages)_
---

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 12:31:06 GMT

__@ken725__ says 
> I been using phonegap for a long time, moving to Apache Cordova, just wanted to ask a couple questions as I mess around with things. I work in a windows environment most of the time, really only use my mac when I am forced to. So my plan was to use cordova on my windows machine, then copy the app over to my mac, add ios platform and run.  So far I found if I create my app in windows and copy it over, then add platform and run, it always errors.  If I create my app on the mac, copy that to windows, add some plugins and then send it back to mac, then add platform and run, it will work.  So my question is, is this process going to work as I go along or will I experience more issues moving back and forth and I should just bite the bullet and work on my mac instead?  Thanks.
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 13:14:50 GMT

__@aquinn__ says 
> Hi all, 2 of my plugins are giving me this error when I upgrade to cordova v 9: Using "requuireCordovaModule" to load non-cordova module "../cordova/util" is not supported. Instead, add this module to your dependencies and use regular "require" to load it.
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 14:50:19 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> `ld: 10 duplicate symbols for architecture x86_64`
> what is the good way to get rid of this ! NO_COMMON_BLOCK in xcode-&gt; build settings helps but what's equivalent configuration to set it in config.xml ! [ running on cordova-ios@6, xcode11 ]
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 17:29:08 GMT

__@chatchapol__ says 
> Hi folks, asking a quick question can we use Fetch api with object url to convert them to blob on Cordova ? I tried doing so but it’s not working. It’s working in Chrome tho.
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 19:03:52 GMT

__@abul.asar22__ says 
> Hello everyone, How to get cordova version of my project ? On running `cordova -v`  it gives info about the cordova version on system. How to get version of the project I am running ?
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 19:05:40 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you mean you haev a local install `cordova`, then `npx cordova -v` should do (`npx` uses your local packages if available, then falls back to a global install)
> 
> If you're looking for platform versions... then `cordova platform ls` should do.
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 20:30:27 GMT

__@abul.asar22__ says 
> Has anyone used `cordova-plugin-facebook4` for ios ? I am getting this error.
> ```Failed to install 'cordova-plugin-facebook4': Error: pod: Command failed with exit code 1```
> 
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 20:33:20 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you use the `--verbose` flag, you may see additional error details about why the pod command failed.
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 20:33:47 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> `cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-facebook4 --verbose`
> 

Thu, 27 Aug 2020 05:04:57 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> We will be having a hangout tomorrow morning ( 8:00 AM Pacific Time )
> I’ll be posting the link here when we are live
> 

Thu, 27 Aug 2020 08:18:05 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Depending on your time zone, it might be “today” and not tomorrow (at least in Germany).
> You can check the local time of the meeting here: <https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=Cordova+Committer+Video+Chat&amp;iso=20200827T15&amp;p1=%3A&amp;ah=1>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 13:18:11 GMT

__@aquinn__ says 
> Using "requuireCordovaModule" to load non-cordova module "../cordova/util" is not supported. Instead, add this module to your dependencies and use regular "require" to load it.
> 
