## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 02 Nov 2020 08:21:34 GMT

[User count: 4208](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(6 messages)_
---

Sun, 01 Nov 2020 23:03:05 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> When I test out my app on browser and emulator it is smooth but on my phone it is laggy, is this normal? My phone is not top of the line just average and it can run other apps just fine. I am referring specifically to the *DOM manipulation*, the sliding of divs being laggy.
> 

Mon, 02 Nov 2020 02:10:43 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Animating stuff like `height` and `width` and position will be slow because it has to recalculate the layout of the entire page for each step of the animation (which is why it skips frames)
> 

Mon, 02 Nov 2020 02:11:05 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You can get smoother animations by using GPU-accelerated properties like `transform`
> 

Mon, 02 Nov 2020 02:30:28 GMT

__@tomkinson__ says 
> We have an SPA and a login page for new users to sign-in or login, after the splashscreen which always shows. When opening app if already loggedin, once in a while the login page flashes quick right after the splash screen, before taking user to the feed...where the should be. SQLite btw. But any trick to avoid this? I think on newer devices it happens so fast you don't even see login page (splash screen right to feed) as it should be for a logged in user. Can we share anything to help debug or any idea the issue?
> 

Mon, 02 Nov 2020 02:40:29 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> If you show the splashscreen before the login page, could you wait until you know whether they're logged in before hiding it?
> 

Mon, 02 Nov 2020 02:40:44 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> At least that way the flash should be hidden behind the splashscreen
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Sun, 01 Nov 2020 19:14:31 GMT

__@akshitkrnagpal__ says 
> Hey guys. Sorry as it is not directly related to cordova but I am having trouble enrolling for Apple Developer Program as individual. It shows
> ```Your enrollment in the Apple Developer Program could not be completed at this time.```
> Does anyone have any experience with this? Also is there a support email by Apple for this kind of thing?
> Thanks.
> 
