## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 05 Dec 2020 08:31:21 GMT

[User count: 4259](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Fri, 04 Dec 2020 20:07:14 GMT

__@gh__ says 
> Anybody using ReactJS with Cordova? Any tricks? or is it straightforward?
> 

Fri, 04 Dec 2020 20:12:30 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> 👋
> 
> I have react app bundled by webpack, the bundled js goes into the `www` folder... and the `index.html` loads it up.
> 

Fri, 04 Dec 2020 20:32:18 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You can make users commit the www or add a build step in your server
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Fri, 04 Dec 2020 11:46:02 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks 👋 😄  does anyone know how to close the browser's native HTML date picker using any vanilla JS methods? I'm referring to a native datetime picker like this one for Android shown in the screenshot (for an `&lt;input type="datetime-local" /&gt;`). I've tried different things and seen different suggestions including changing the `type` of the input field, setting `display: none` on the input field, replacing the input field (`node.outerHTML = node.outerHTML`), blurring the input field (`node.blur()`), setting its value to an empty string, and giving it `type="hidden"`. But none of these have worked. Whatever change I make to the element in the DOM, the native picker is unaffected and remains on the screen.
> Any ideas for how to achieve this? The solution must work on Android. Thanks!
> 

Fri, 04 Dec 2020 14:17:38 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Also has anyone experienced a flash when returning to the app after it was put in the background? I've tried removing node in the `&lt;body&gt;` except for script tags and a single `&lt;div&gt;`, but the flash still happens. I thought it was plugins but I've created a sample app with the same plugins and I don't see the flash in the sample app. I've tried commenting out everything in my `onDeviceResume` handler and yet the flash happens, so I'm not sure what else could be at play. Anyone have any ideas I could explore? Thanks :simple_smile: .
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(2 messages)_
---

Fri, 04 Dec 2020 14:34:18 GMT

__@lukas__ says 
> Does it make sense to download plugins locally to make them install faster (we often wipe the cordova folder completely)? For example the Facebook plugin takes a couple of minutes to install (<https://github.com/jeduan/cordova-plugin-facebook4>)
> 

Fri, 04 Dec 2020 15:03:51 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I think downloading that plugin package and installing it from a local copy will not exactly solve your problem. The plugin’s npm package, itself, is only 61.4 kB. That shouldn’t take long. I think its the third-party libraries that it is downloading for the build. Those iOS pods and Gradle libraries could be large.
> 
> @lukas
> 
