## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 04 Dec 2020 08:37:51 GMT

[User count: 4259](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(7 messages)_
---

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 14:52:07 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> `Wkwebview` in `iOS 11.` Is there any known problem in evaluating javascript ! My app works fine in iOS 13 and 14 after upgrade to wkwebview but iOS 11 and 12 breaks, it shows the js parsing error.
> 

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 14:54:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> that would suggest whatever js you're evaluating probably is not supported in iOS 11 or 12.
> 

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 14:54:41 GMT

__@chadwick.blackford__ says 
> @khatridevk
> any error message maybe?
> 

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 15:54:24 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> I am using kendo ui lib in my app. Error what I see is very specific. typeerror: undefined is not an object `evaluating this.pane.view` . It works fine with same set in UIWebView version.. in wkwebview it breaks.
> 

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 15:59:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Sounds like something is expecting an object but `this.pane.view` is undefined.
> 

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 16:01:48 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Best way forward is to use the web inspector to set breakpoints and trace your app until, specifically around the assignment of `this.pane.view` to see what is setting it to undefined. From there you can see if that API had changes between webview versions.
> 

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 16:18:14 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> Safari is not showing the developer window for the older simulator for some reason...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 13:04:33 GMT

__@chadwick.blackford__ says 
> anyone use cordova-plugin-privacyscreen plugin?
> 
> if yes - do u have problem with some iPhone 11+ ?
> 
> our ustomers reported, that the app not started and stay in loading mode… I have no idea how I can catch this case…
> 

### __Channel #twitter__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 03 Dec 2020 15:11:57 GMT

__@ken053__ says 
> @ken053 has left the channel
> 
