## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 12 Nov 2020 08:22:21 GMT

[User count: 4221](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 12 Nov 2020 01:34:13 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> So I have Html content I want to save and be able to reload again, I have read that manifest.json is the way to go, but MDN says it's experimental technology. Do you use manifest.json to save html pages? It's not really an entire page I want to save but an entire div element which contains other elements of course.
> 

Thu, 12 Nov 2020 02:26:32 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> sounds like you probably just want to use the `cordova-plugin-file` to store html docs to the filesystem... and you can read them later and use the <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMParser|DOMParser> to recreate HTML nodes that you can append to the dom.
> 

Thu, 12 Nov 2020 02:27:34 GMT

__@slackbot__ says 
> This message was deleted.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(10 messages)_
---

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:24:59 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> there is no way to make the webview scrollbars of overflow content always visible on iOS, right?
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:25:47 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> and style them. Do you know any good javascript scrolling libs to use for cross-platform styled scrollbars that are always visible ?
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:27:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> does `overflow: scroll` not work?
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:28:07 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> i used it once but it broke scrolling on some ios version i think
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:28:50 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> that was still uiwebview, i havent tried it yet with wkwebview i will give it a try
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:29:10 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> styling them however is not cross-paltform friendly, you'll definitely need to have a JS implementation if you want to control the styling.
> 
> I have a partial implementation built in react that does this... It only does vertical scrollbars however.
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:44:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> In case if you want to roll your own solution, you can draw inspiration from my implementation... it contains the react component & a less file for css. It won't be usable as is as it depends on stuff from an internal framework, but you should be able to fill in the gaps. Not sure if this works on mobile though, it was written for desktop usage and wasn't ever tested in a mobile environment. The mouse events may need to be swapped with touch events.
> 
> But the primarily strategy is to essentially have 2 div nodes, with one that is naturally scrollable, and the other sized/positioned in a way where it hides the native scrollbar. Then I just listen to scroll events to update the scrollbar size/position of the custom-built scrollbar. This means we still rely on the browser momentum scrolling behaviour, rather than trying to mimic that in JS which often results in choppy scrolling behaviour... which is the problem I have with many existing scrolling libraries.
> 
> The attached images are the non-active, and active stylings.
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:45:09 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> thanks!
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:47:50 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> good idea not messing up the browser scrolling but placing a scrollbar on top
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 15:48:15 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Also means you keep the OS scrolling settings as well.
> 

### __Channel #jobs__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 12 Nov 2020 08:05:23 GMT

__@hideominami931103__ says 
> *[HIRING] [REMOTE] [PART TIME]*
> Hello folks!
> *Company:* Personal
> *Full-time:* No (less than 10 hours per week)
> *Remote OK:* Yes
> *Sponsorship:* No
> *Contact:* @hideominami931103
> *Salary:* 1000USD - 2000USD / month
> *Requirements:*
>       Junior/Mid/Senior Full-stack (web and mobile) Development experience.
>      Based in Europe or America
> *Brief Description:* I have been working as a Project Manager of a software development team.
> We are focusing on Go/C++/Javascript/Python/Ruby frameworks and have worked for US clients. The work would be a pair of work alike.
> 
> If you have an interest, please DM me.
> Thank you for your attention.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 08:48:24 GMT

__@chadwick.blackford__ says 
> Hallo guys! Since last month I have one problem. The f*g apk Manifest on release version will not update build and app versions from cordova config.xml file… why?
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 09:09:39 GMT

__@chadwick.blackford__ says 
> @timbru any idea when cordova-android will support `target sdk 30`?
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 09:09:56 GMT

__@chadwick.blackford__ says 
> maybe just a quick patch only for this version?
> 

### __Channel #hangouts__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 12 Nov 2020 01:59:55 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> any topics, and volunteers to present them? <!here>
> 
