## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 11 Dec 2020 08:35:14 GMT

[User count: 4275](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Thu, 10 Dec 2020 10:19:59 GMT

__@aishu.vengadesan__ says 
> We are developing the UWP application using the Cordova windows. The application connects with server to get the information. The application works perfectly if we connect the "external server host / Public host"
> Issue :
> If I have tried to connect the "Internal Server" using VPN in application, it does not connect. If run the Fiddler in back ground, it starts to connect the "Internal server" but, every time I could not ask customer to run the fiddler in background.
> Kindly Guide me. Do I need to any configuration inside the UWP application? Is this a default behavior of UWP application?
> If we add privateNetworkClientServer capability in Remote mode,App will fail in window store validation?
> 

Thu, 10 Dec 2020 19:47:45 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Goog evening everybody, one question:
> In cordova docs is written somewhere that we should develop the app as ONE page, does this mean that we should not have more "pages" than index.html?
> 

Thu, 10 Dec 2020 20:37:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Ideally it should be a single page app (aka SPA) -- if you use multiple pages you'll be "unloading" and reloading  you're environment and your app will very "websitey", instead of an actual app. Depending on how heavy your app is, it could be grounds for app store rejection.
> 
> If you're building a very simple app, you'll be fine with multiple html pages.
> 

Thu, 10 Dec 2020 23:24:14 GMT

__@farazahmed720084__ says 
> Hello Iam getting Property ‘InAppBrowser’ does not exist on type ‘Cordova’ when I do: `cordova.InAppBrowser.open(‘<https://google.com>’, ‘_self’);`
> 

### __Channel #hangouts__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 10 Dec 2020 14:39:44 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> I won’t make it this week either, currently having two projects to work on 👎
> 

Fri, 11 Dec 2020 02:48:34 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> The next hangout would be December 24th, which I suspect most people will be occupied with other things, so shall we cancel that one and reconvene on January 7th?
> 

Fri, 11 Dec 2020 03:20:37 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> That probably make sense to me
> 
