## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 26 Aug 2020 08:22:19 GMT

[User count: 4083](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Aug 2020 09:49:26 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> following is the log from embed.js file I have included as part of the hook to include framework libs in my project,
> 
> `cordova-ios@4.3.1`-&gt;
> ```
> pbxProject {
>  filepath: '../../xcodeproj/project.pbxproj',
>  hash: {
>   project: {
>    archiveVersion: 1,
>    classes: {},
>    objectVersion: 52,
>    objects: ,
>    rootObject: 'xxxxx',
>    rootObject_comment: 'Project object'
>   },
>   headComment: '!$*UTF8*$!'
>  }
> }```
> `cordova-ios@6.0.0`-&gt;
> 
> ```pbxProject {
>  filepath: '../../xcodeproj/project.pbxproj',
>  hash: [Object: null prototype] {
>   project: [Object: null prototype] {
>    archiveVersion: 1,
>    classes: [Object: null prototype] {},
>    objectVersion: 52,
>    objects: [Object: null prototype],
>    rootObject: 'xxxxx',
>    rootObject_comment: 'Project object'
>   },
>   headComment: '!$*UTF8*$!'
>  }
> }```
> I see `[Object: null prototype]` being added in the latest version and that is breaking the parse as shown above.
> 
> Any experience on this behavior !!
> 
> Also, for the latest version of the iOS, do we have any other way to include the framework libs to the project other than the hook method ??[<https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36650522/custom-cordova-plugin-add-framework-to-embedded-binaries>]
> 

Tue, 25 Aug 2020 11:13:18 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, I'm having an issue with sending POST requests from my app to my API server. I always get this error:
> &gt; Response to preflight request doesn't pass access control check: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource.
> This screenshot shows the CORS-handling code at the API server. It's based on this article: <https://breautek.com/2020/07/14/enabling-cors/>
> You can see that I do have logic to set the "Access-Control-Allow-Origin" header. When I perform the same fetch requests from the console in regular webpages, the requests are successful. So it seems the problem is from the app. Any ideas? Thanks!
> 
> PS: the `console.log` statements are not executed, it's almost like the CORS middleware is never hit when I make the request from my app, but it's hit when using a regular webpage or Postman.
> 

Tue, 25 Aug 2020 14:56:12 GMT

__@brunoalex9__ says 
> did any one managed to make admob plus and consent plugin work ?
> 

Tue, 25 Aug 2020 15:19:12 GMT

__@dharmon__ says 
> Can someone help me with an issue I am having with a Cordova version upgrade? I am getting a common error that is `Using "requireCordovaModule" to load non-cordova module "fs" is not supported. Instead, add this module to your dependencies and use regular "require" to load it.` I tried looking up what this issue was (common issue with upgrade to Cordova 9), but I wasn’t able to find anything that helped my specific case. I did a code-wide search for `requireCordovaModule`, but I did not find anything. Anyone know what I might need to do? Is this possibly coming from one of my plugins?
> 

Wed, 26 Aug 2020 02:44:21 GMT

__@fghdgsfa__ says 
> Can someone explain to me how I can follow this guide to do deep link oauth 2 <http://snapkit.com/docs/login-kit-ios|snapkit.com/docs/login-kit-ios> is there a plugin I can use to add the core frameworks? 😫.. I'm proficent with rest and have already made a sucessful oauth flow ther. Can I use deeplink from my webview ios app to open snapchat from mine with rest?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-windows__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Aug 2020 10:23:37 GMT

__@timotej.jakimovski__ says 
> Can i build UWP application using cordova for 1709 Windows version ? Any guidelines are appreciated !
> 

### __Channel #phonegap__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Aug 2020 16:27:01 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> @purplecabbage archived the channel
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 Aug 2020 14:50:18 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> Hi guys,
> I'm working on an electron project (for windows) where I use nodeRT geolocation.
> I had issues with some computers not being able to run the it because they don't have VC redistributable installed so they don't have the required DLL files
> <https://github.com/NodeRT/NodeRT/issues/87|This issue> shows how we can copy the required DLL files into the win_unpacked directory. But everytime I do, `cordova build electron --release` removes it. It doesn't help if I keep it in the original www directory either. Any way I can add it to win_unpacked before the build?
> 
