## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 20 Aug 2020 08:21:42 GMT

[User count: 4071](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(29 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 11:05:37 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> If anyone is feeling generous, could you take a look at me question I just posted to SOF? I relates to playing video files stored locally on an ios device: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63485567/playing-a-video-loaded-via-cdvfile-in-cordova>
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 11:08:11 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> ... even an upvote for visibility would help out LUL
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 11:10:34 GMT

__@abul.asar22__ says 
> Hello everyone, we are using `facebook-sdk` for analytics. We have used the javascript script for loading `facebook-sdk` in index.html for web app. But for android app we are going to use `cordova-plugin-facebook4` . The script in index.html is loading for mobile app as well. Is it possible to restrict it for only for web app ? I suspect index.html script and `cordova-plugin-facebook` plugin will effect the analytics.
> thanks in advance
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 12:22:12 GMT

__@akash.dhande__ says 
> Hello everyone, can you please suggest how can we hide copy/paste menu on text selection.
> I want to show custom button/action on text selection
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 13:18:39 GMT

__@h.keskin__ says 
> Hello everyone, after updating to Cordova CLI 10.0.0  Android 9.0.0 access to the storage is not possible. Error Message <cdvfile://localhost/files/sbsdk-plugin-storage/a5297cb7-103d-46c7-9d27-721e84f69fed.jpg> net::ERR_UNKNOWN_URL_SCHEME  . Can someone please help?
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 15:50:37 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> I am updating to `cordova-ios@6.0.0`, while `platform add` I get this error,`cordova-custom-config: An error occurred during parsing of [ ..project.pbxproj ]... maybe you forgot to remove/add ios platform?`  not sure why is this showing !
> Observations:
> After tracing [ a hook in custom-config plugin ], I see this error string being logged in applyCustomConfig.js  file in method that parses the xcodeproject. However, same configuration works well with `cordova-ios@4.3.1`
> Workaround I found is, run `cordova prepare`  before `platform add` . But I cannot run *prepare* in prod environment, not able to connect dots on how to solve this.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 15:50:54 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> Suggestions pls
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 18:45:46 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Hey All, I'm having some performance trouble on both my ios and android apps. My app works smoothly on mobile browsers, but runs pretty laggy when wrapped with cordova. I've read in a few places that hardwareAcceleration could be the culprit, but (edit) haven't been able to try this as I'm not sure how. Anyone have any ideas or resources they could point me to?
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:00:50 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm not sure about the hardware acceleration but it's probably best to start off by using the performance audit tools the web inspector offers, which should help you understand exactly what part of your app is being slow.
> 
> Look for anything that seems abnormally large. If there is no one thing that is stands out (no excessive scripting time, no GC's etc...), ie if the webview is just idling for the most part, then this suggest the performance bottleneck is on the native side, which may be caused by a plugin. You'd have to use the native tools provided by Xcode, or android studio for auditing performance.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:07:11 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Thanks @norman137, appreciate the help. Any resources you could point me to /recommend  that talk about this process?
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:11:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/evaluate-performance/?utm_source=devtools>
> 
> Pretty sure safari web inspector has the same tools, they just may work a little differently.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:13:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> So if there is something specific that is slow, like if you tap on a button and something about that button's click event is slow. This will help you identify exactly what is slow.
> 
> In the end, this should either help you identify the performance bottleneck in the web app, or you will rule out that the performance bottleneck is not in the webapp itself, but perhaps in the native land. Which means it's probably caused by a cordova plugin you have installed.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:18:18 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Much appreciated. Will review! Thanks so much Norman.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:41:33 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Wow!  I think I may have found the culprit in the Cordova docs... "Many devices impose a 300ms delay on click events in order to distinguish between a tap and tap-to-zoom gesture" (<https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/next/>)
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:45:14 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> That shouldn't be an issue anymore on Android, or on iOS with WKWebView
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:47:17 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> I'm using just the stock WebView that comes with Cordova. Is it recommended to use WKWebView? (I'm new to cordova, so don't know all of the tricks).
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:49:07 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're using cordova-ios@6 (the latest release), you're already on wkwebview.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:51:50 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Oh, looks like i'm currently on 5.1.1
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:52:53 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> for chrome on android will have the 300ms delay, unless if the html page contains a `viewport` meta tag.
> 
> e.g:
> 
> ```&lt;meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"&gt;```
> iOS wkwebview will also use the same behaviour I think, removing the 300ms delay if that viewport tag is present.
> 
> <https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2013/12/300ms-tap-delay-gone-away>
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:54:13 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> 5.1.1 by default uses `UIWebView`, so to use wkwebview, you need a plugin, such as `cordova-plugin-wkwebview-engine`. However updating to the latest version of `cordova-ios` would be preferrable, if possible.
> 
> Do note that Apple forces you to use wkwebview. If your app contains `UIWebView` references, the app will be rejected from their app store.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:54:43 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Welp, I'm glad I came here then haha. Thanks.
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:54:51 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Is it best to just remove the platform and reinstall?
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:54:59 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> yah
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:55:15 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> ```cordova platform remove ios
> cordova platform add ios@6```
> should get you the latest version of `cordova-ios`
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 19:56:14 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're building a new app, you may consider configuring your app to use schemes as well... which is mentioned in this blog post.
> 
> <https://cordova.apache.org/howto/2020/07/18/uiwebview-warning.html>
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 20:03:09 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Upgraded, and the UI is nice and snappy!
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 20:03:21 GMT

__@luca__ says 
> Thanks @norman137 and @dpogue
> 

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 20:05:47 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> :partyparrot:
> 

Thu, 20 Aug 2020 04:16:25 GMT

__@ifour.milan1__ says 
> Hello everyone
> I am working on cordova app
> also i used kendotreeview for data select, but currently i have too much data on this dropdown list(parent node only)
> 
> so i have think to 20 records get each call when kendotreeview scroll (like endlessscroll + listview)
> 
> is it possible to get each 20 record each call using kendotreeview?
> 
> Thank you
> Milan
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 Aug 2020 15:52:36 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> When loading local files (video and images) into html elements (&lt;video&gt; and &lt;img&gt;) using `cordova-ios 6.1.0` and `window.WkWebView.convertFilePath([file path])`, is there any additional properties I need to add to `config.xml` or my Content Security Policy? I've added both a `scheme` and `hostname` and then added my `scheme` value into the CSP but I'm still getting `Refused to load unsafe:<app://localhost/>... because it doesn't appear in the media-src directive of the Content Security Policy` error... Does anyone have a working example of having this work?
> 
