## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 04 Sep 2020 08:24:32 GMT

[User count: 4096](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 14:19:42 GMT

__@gill367__ says 
> Do we see any visual differences between the cordova app built using uiwebview and the one built using new wkwebview
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 14:22:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> It really depends on your css, but you shouldn't see any significant changes. I don't recall seeing any changes when I migrated (but I've been on WKWebView for years now)
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 14:22:13 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> No i couldn't  I have compared my apps on android.
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 14:22:35 GMT

__@niklasmerz__ says 
> You may notice peformance differences
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(8 messages)_
---

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 15:43:40 GMT

__@joel__ says 
> Is anyone seeing unexpected clipboard access notifications on iOS 14?  What does it even mean to "paste from Safari"?  Our app does copy to the clipboard, but it doesn't paste *from* the clipboard, unless the user is doing it themselves, in which case I wouldn't expect a message.  But I think we're seeing it without any corresponding user action.
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 16:32:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> it means the KOHO application is reading from the clipboard
> 
> <https://www.macrumors.com/2020/06/23/ios-14-clipboard-pasted-notifications/>
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 17:04:49 GMT

__@joel__ says 
> Right .... I'm just saying that I can't explain *how* it's reading from the Clipboard.  The reports we are getting do not correspond to a user initiated clipboard paste - i.e.: they copy text from Safari and past that text into our app.  Like I said, our app is not (to my knowledge) imperatively reading or scanning the contents of the clipboard.  It could be a plugin.  Another thought I had is that is that this is some side effect of WKWebView.  Have you tested your apps on iOS 14?  If so, are you seeing this?
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 17:08:42 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> You said before "Our app does copy to the clipboard,"
> 
> If you're app is copying from the clipboard, you'll see that notification toast as of iOS 14. According to that article anyway.
> 
> I haven't tested iOS 14 yet, but I am installing it on my test device as we speak, but I wouldn't expect to see those toast in our apps cause our apps don't use the clipboard.
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 17:11:50 GMT

__@joel__ says 
> I haven't tested it myself yet either, just going on reports, but I don't think this toast is being displayed as a result of the user copying something *to* the clipboard.  And if it was, wouldn't it be pretty confusing to say "pasted from Safari" when copying text to the clipboard?
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 17:12:37 GMT

__@joel__ says 
> I'm differentiating here between "copying to" and "copying from".
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 17:16:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah the terminology is kinda confusing, but it's saying "Safari" the app is pasting the clipboard to another app, which I guess linguistically is the same as saying the app is copying the clipboard from safari. And I don't think this toast notification will popup if the user is actaully using the system UI to manage the clipboard. Based on the article, it's saying the goal is to provide transparency to the user when an app copies from the clipboard without the user necessarily knowing.
> 
> Which imo is kinda stupid, may as well just hide the feature behind a permission prompt at that point.
> 

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 17:27:41 GMT

__@joel__ says 
> 🤦 Very confusing.  Okay, so now the hunt is on to find what is responsible for this message.  I'd love to hear what you find from your testing.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-windows__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 04 Sep 2020 07:23:18 GMT

__@michaelbschmidt__ says 
> release windows platform before deprecation
> - could you cut a final release before deprecating?
> - there are already the PRs to bring windows up-to-date with the current cli
> 

Fri, 04 Sep 2020 07:27:53 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> which PRs are you looking at?
> 

Fri, 04 Sep 2020 08:11:46 GMT

__@michaelbschmidt__ says 
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/381>
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/380>
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/377>
> 

Fri, 04 Sep 2020 08:15:21 GMT

__@michaelbschmidt__ says 
> in particular it would as well be about getting this (already merged) bugfix out:
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/331>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 11:17:22 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Did anyone face any issue after adding ionic webview plugin where api is getting called on android@6,7,8 but not on 9 ? Preferences are kept default i.e <http://localhost>.
> 
