## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 19 Dec 2020 08:38:09 GMT

[User count: 4290](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Sat, 19 Dec 2020 05:43:57 GMT

__@jberman__ says 
> Hey guys, I’ve been holding off on upgrading Xcode to version 12 until a project was complete. Are there any issues with using Xcode 12 with Cordova? Thanks!
> 

### __Channel #random__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 18 Dec 2020 13:38:47 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> If somebody looking for high quality UI kit I recommend this one, easy to work with and a lot of possibilities
> <https://getuikit.com|https://getuikit.com>
> 

Fri, 18 Dec 2020 14:22:17 GMT

__@kkubicki2__ says 
> @info460 does this work with cordova (i'm a cordova newbie)
> 

Fri, 18 Dec 2020 14:24:06 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Yes, you just need to include it in your project html files
> 

Fri, 18 Dec 2020 14:24:54 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> if you need help to make it working just let me know
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 18 Dec 2020 19:11:25 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> Need some assistance on Android for using the tel: sms: mailto:
> 
> When doing a tap to call, the screen just goes back to the previous screen.  It never brings up the dial prompt.  on iOS and Browser it works fine.   On Android I get the following error message
> 
> I've tried:
>   &lt;allow-navigation href="tel:*" /&gt;
>   &lt;access origin="tel://*" launch-external="true" /&gt;
> ```&lt;allow-intent href="tel:*" /&gt;```
>    &lt;a href="tel:202-999-8888" target="_blank"&gt;call&lt;/a&gt;
> 
> I've got the whitelist plugin stalled and I just keep getting that error.  I've googled and tried everything.   What am I missing on Android?  I'm using Android 9 platform too
> 
