## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 02 Sep 2020 08:23:45 GMT

[User count: 4091](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(15 messages)_
---

Tue, 01 Sep 2020 09:44:10 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hey folks, I'm trying to understand why my app takes a long time to load.
> I've included a screenshot of the first 10 seconds of my app init, and you can see a massive ~4s gap in between the purple and red lines when nothing is happening at all. The first segment (0 - 2.5s, from the left edge to the purple line) loads my app's scripts and CSS (as specified in the HTML file), and the third segment (6.5s - end, from the red line to the right edge) is where my scripts get evaluated (not including `cordova.js`). The structure of my HTML is like this:
> ```<head>
>   <!-- meta tags and link tags -->
> </head>
> <body>
>   <!-- my HTML -->
>   <script src="cordova.js"></script>
>   <!-- then my scripts -->
>   <script src="path/to/file.js"></script>
> </body>```
> The third segment starts with the execution of `cordova.js`. Any ideas as to why there's that big delay between the purple and red lines?
> 

Tue, 01 Sep 2020 14:13:00 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Hi team , In android as well as ios do we have option to rollback our previous apps if there is issue with new version of apps deployed both on playstore &amp; appstore ? How is the complexity ?  Thanks &amp; Regards,Pratiksha
> 

Tue, 01 Sep 2020 18:04:28 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Just out of curiousity, has anyone tried anything hacky (even if unsuccessful or not suitable for production) as far as deferring the loading of plugins so their js scripts are injected only when needed? I'd just like to know what you encountered/found. I know cordova doesn't allow or provide a way to do this so just wondering what anyone may have tried.
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 01:43:12 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> Hello, trying to build a cordova electron app:
> 
> $ cordova create electron_app
> $ cd electron_app
> $ cordova platform add electron
> $ cordova build electron --release
> 
> got error:
> 
> Get <https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/download/v4.0.1/electron-v4.0.1-linux-x64.zip:|https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/download/v4.0.1/electron-v4.0.1-linux-x64.zip:> dial tcp: lookup <http://github.com|github.com> on [::1]:53: read udp [::1]:45720-&gt;[::1]:53: read: connection refused
> <http://github.com/develar/app-builder/pkg/download|github.com/develar/app-builder/pkg/download>.(*Downloader).follow.func1
> 
> Arch Linux x64
> cordova 10.0.0
> python 3.8.5
> node v14.9.0
> 
> Any hints?
> 
> Thanks
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 02:20:45 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Looks like you don’t have connection some reason to GitHub. Maybe behind a VPN or something to do with network settings?
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 02:27:18 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> @erisu tried the link <https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/download/v4.0.1/electron-v4.0.1-linux-x64.zip|https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/download/v4.0.1/electron-v4.0.1-linux-x64.zip> in my web browser, downloaded zip file
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 02:59:18 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Could you try with our nightly? Just to see if it produces any different result, as a test.
> 
> We do not recommend nightly for production builds as nightlies are not officially released and has not gone though an Apache voted. Just for testing…
> 
> You can install it with `cordova platform add electron@nightly`
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 03:55:05 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> @erisu 
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 03:58:26 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Are you using docker or some sort of container/sandboxing system? And it has proper network configuration? I know you said the browser worked, but just wanted to confirm its not maybe a docker setup where it has its own networking configurations to communicate with host machine.
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 04:00:42 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I will also try and quickly setup an Arch Linux VM for testing cause I haven’t seen this type of issue before on macOS.
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 04:01:00 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> @erisu not a container or sandbox, just a Linux system
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 04:01:16 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> @erisu ok, thank you
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 07:54:46 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> @def14molester I tested on an Arch Linux but I was able to build successfully. I did not have any connection refusal to GitHub. The only differences in my environment were, I ran on the root user and my Linux kernel version was 5.7.12.
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 07:56:00 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> @erisu thanks, i'll check it
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 08:10:17 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I just tried with kernel 5.8.5. It also was successful… Please let me know if you figure out why this is happening to you.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 01 Sep 2020 20:16:08 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> <https://twitter.com/apachecordova/status/1300878856275058690>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 01 Sep 2020 22:49:32 GMT

__@joel__ says 
> I'm having a hard time configuring the Gradle property `org.gradle.jvmargs` following the advice from the <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/platforms/android/#configuring-gradle|Android Platform Guide> and looking at the source code for the <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/blob/9df6793f34fbd8ca0bf415be985125d4933a0a80/bin/templates/cordova/lib/config/GradlePropertiesParser.js|GradlePropertiesParser.js>.  Copying in a `before_prepare` hook doesn't work, because the directory doesn't exist yet.  Copying in a `after_prepare` hook is too late, because the defaults have already been written.  The Guide describes using a `before_build` hook, but I don't see how that would work for tapping into the customization of `org.gradle.jvmargs`.  Is anyone using these feature that can get me stright on this?
> 

Tue, 01 Sep 2020 22:55:35 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're on `cordova-android@9` there is a `--jvmargs` flag, which is documented in the unreleased dev docs: <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/dev/guide/platforms/android/index.html#configuring-gradle-jvm-args>
> 
> I think there is an open bug regarding that properties file will it's always overwritten, preventing any manual changes to it.
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 06:57:15 GMT

__@wojciech.kozik11__ says 
> @wojciech.kozik11 has left the channel
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 01 Sep 2020 18:00:13 GMT

__@g.asci__ says 
> Can we add app clips for iOS 14; is there any plugin for this goal?
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 06:57:11 GMT

__@wojciech.kozik11__ says 
> @wojciech.kozik11 has left the channel
> 
