## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 25 Sep 2020 08:25:55 GMT

[User count: 4132](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(9 messages)_
---

Thu, 24 Sep 2020 20:51:02 GMT

__@jonathan039__ says 
> Hey everyone!
> Does anyone have a script for a hook that runs "pod install"? I need to run `pod install` after the ios platform is added (or before the build). Thanks
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:24:40 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Just looking for confirmation, I can't build ios apps using windows computers however with a Mac I could build both android and ios platforms, right?
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:31:39 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Mostly correct. To some degree you can develop for iOS without having a mac computer but you do need xcode/xcodebuild to build the native ios binaries and need to use apple software to upload them to the itunes app store. Apple only supports these tools on Macs.
> 
> Google supports their build tools for android on all modern OS's (Mac, Windows, and Linux).
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:33:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Afterall cordova apps are just web apps and they are largely cross-platform with minimal effort, so generally speaking a web app that runs on android will probably run on the iOS webview with minimal platform-specific code.
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:36:58 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> got it so then for the most part if it looks/works fine on android then most likely it will be just fine on ios
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:39:13 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> if only the world worked that way 😞 iOS is still a pretty consistent source of bugs in our apps, especially around random layout differences
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:42:22 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> I hear you, well it's good to know these things before hand instead of getting an unpleasant surprise lol
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:55:51 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Definitely still needs to be tested, cause sometimes you do need to have a style override or a platform condition block, but yah lol
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 07:16:34 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> Searching the channels history I found <https://cordova.slack.com/archives/C068CHRJ5/p1598882894004600?thread_ts=1598869187.003500&amp;cid=C068CHRJ5|this> was recently posted for alerting user's to app updates (iOS and Android). However, if I only need to update JS / HTML / CSS can I simply update the code found in `/www`?  <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/appcenter/distribution/codepush/cordova|App Centre's CodePush> seems to be doing that, but I was wondering if I could do that myself so I have complete control over the process and don't have to pass on the monthly fee to the client (as well and no having to learn how to use App Centre). Note: I need to support iOS, Android, OSX and Windows platforms...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(7 messages)_
---

Thu, 24 Sep 2020 17:28:52 GMT

__@owenocq__ says 
> Is there a way to use `async: false` on ajax calls to local JSON resources? It used to work on 5.1.1 but in 6.1.1 on device on iOS12+ it causes infinite restarts.
> 

Thu, 24 Sep 2020 17:38:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> the `async` option on `XMLHttpRequest` into a synchronous request (which ajax would use behind the scenes) have been deprecated for a long time and should be avoided. Depending on the type of request, `async` option must be `true` or an error is thrown.
> 
> Synchronous should be done only from a web worker.
> 
> <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/open>
> 

Thu, 24 Sep 2020 17:54:08 GMT

__@owenocq__ says 
> Thanks for the reply and information. It's a shame because I was loading language JSON files before the app is interactive, so async false seemed a sensible approach.
> 

Thu, 24 Sep 2020 20:43:59 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Does anybody know if `cordova-ios@6` supports the new build system or is the legacy build system still required?
> 

Thu, 24 Sep 2020 20:44:31 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> It supports the new one
> 

Thu, 24 Sep 2020 20:44:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Thanks
> 

Fri, 25 Sep 2020 06:03:37 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Fun times tonight... it turns out there's a bug in some indexedDB backend stuff that can corrupt database indexes when upgrading from iOS 13 to iOS 14. There's no way to prevent this from happening, and it's unrecoverable once it happens, and of course it's breaking my app 🙃 <https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=216962>
> 
