## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 09 Sep 2020 08:24:33 GMT

[User count: 4112](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(12 messages)_
---

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 08:36:39 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> Hello, do the plugins cordova-plugin-camera and cordova-plugin-transfer freeze your app?
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 08:37:36 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> I have cordova-plugin-camera no such scenario i observed.
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 08:37:57 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Freeze as in are you able to see any errors on inspect ?
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 08:41:36 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> no, no error. The image is charging and displayed, but I have a change in my interface. I have a snackbar with a message telling the image is uploading. it goes from the bottom of the screen to the top, and I need to change page and go back for this page to work correctly afterwards
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 08:45:48 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> I wonder if the snackbar isn't the one messing xD
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 13:27:51 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> When does it freeze? Most of the time app freezing is the result of the phone providing you a large resolution image and you using the `DATA_URL` method that needs to base64 a rather large binary file.
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 13:53:37 GMT

__@dan590__ says 
> Hi, just a quick question. Which Gradle version I should use with Cordova?  I think I used version `5` previously but recently changed to version `6` . It worked fine initially but now I got Gradle errors when running `cordova build android` . So im wondering if this has anything to do with the version and if there is a definitive version Cordova/cordova-android is expecting.
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 14:40:29 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> Norman Brau I don't know exactly. I use FILE_URI method,. The image  is registered and displayed, but I can't do anything more. I am now not sure it has anything to do with the plugin but the things we do afterwards
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 14:49:44 GMT

__@aquinn__ says 
> Hi all, how can I show a loading indicator with SafariViewController?
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 18:36:11 GMT

__@lwishartcraig__ says 
> Hey - shot in the dark, but does anyone have any advice to get the InAppBrowser to launch on iPad (iOS 13)? Currently, our usage is `InAppBrowser.open('<https://example.com/>', '_blank', 'location=no')` which opens the page in Safari. On iPhones and Android, it works as normal, opening in the InAppBrowser view.
> 

Wed, 09 Sep 2020 06:29:53 GMT

__@rozulimam__ says 
> Hello @aahedi
> 

Wed, 09 Sep 2020 06:30:46 GMT

__@aahedi__ says 
> hello all, what's do you think about volt.build? or any alternative better?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 14:50:42 GMT

__@aquinn__ says 
> Hi all, how can I show a loading indicator with SafariViewController?
> 

Wed, 09 Sep 2020 07:09:56 GMT

__@fabry.levente__ says 
> Hello, I need to fix some of our custom plugin and it used the CDVURLProtocol, but now in ios 6 it's deprecated. Is there any alternative to replace it? I found the CDVURLSchemeHandler looks similar but if I import it, it's not working because the CDVURLSchemeHandler.h is not found. Can somebody help? Thanks in advance
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 09 Sep 2020 03:50:45 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> Hi everyone. What is the best practice to remove a plugin from a single platform? I need to use the `cordova-plugin-file` plugin for all platforms except the browser. However, when I run the app in the browser, I'm prompted to allow permission to write to storage. I tried using Plugman, but it doesn't support the browser platform. I also tried simply editing the `plugins/browser.js` file, but running `cordova platform add browser` adds `cordova-plugin-file` back as a dependency. Any advice?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(13 messages)_
---

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:04:27 GMT

__@jordi289__ says 
> Yeah, i've been playing around with the tray icon. It caused crashes on startup for ubuntu before. But I think it's sorted now, might try a few other options for the tray icon. I also came across something to do with the nightly build clashing with a chromium build. But need some extra debugging today to see if that is the fix. I'll send an update if I get it sorted
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:24:51 GMT

__@jordi289__ says 
> Well oke... This was probably a rookie mistake. But I didn't realize that when I connect through SSH, it doesn't technically have a screen in my SSH context. So after reading this
> 
> <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60304251/unable-to-open-x-display-when-trying-to-run-google-chrome-on-centos-rhel-7-5>
> 
> I just tried booting it from the raspberry pi manually (something we never do, since we normally have these devices on locations), and it just started the program. So our solution is to just reboot the device the moment I'm done updating our program and then just make a startup script which starts the device.
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:35:43 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> &gt; I also came across something to do with the nightly build clashing with a chromium build.
> Which nightlies are you referring to? `cordova-electron@nightly` ?
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:37:52 GMT

__@jordi289__ says 
> `2.0.0-nightly.2020.9.7.c1fa8a5a`
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:38:02 GMT

__@jordi289__ says 
> Based on this thread <https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/24696>
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:38:22 GMT

__@jordi289__ says 
> This thread also helped me with the extra debugging which in turn helped me find the rookie mistake
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:43:29 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> ah hmm wonder if it is an issue with 10.1.1… Since I havent released 2.0.0 yet, I might be bumping to this version on master, but need to review its change logs..
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:48:57 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> They did check something in to 8, 9, and 10 `fix: restore original GTK/appindicator implementation of tray icons` which I read some people brought up when talking about the seg fault
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:49:39 GMT

__@jordi289__ says 
> Also, one more question. Is it possible to change the name of the build folder which is getting generated by the `cordova build electron` command. Right now it's something like: `application-1.0.0-armv7l`, is it possible to change it to something like `application-armv7l` ?
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:50:10 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> but obviously the version of 9 we are set on is `^9.0.0`, in `package.json` but the template is set to `9.0.0`
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:53:51 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> `artifactName` should be the property, I never tried it though.
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 09:54:23 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> we use `electron-build` under the covers and most of their configs should be exposed.
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 10:00:17 GMT

__@jordi289__ says 
> Alright, thanks!
> 
