## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 10 Nov 2020 08:19:56 GMT

[User count: 4218](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #random__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 01:22:48 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> @andressotomayorbaquer funkLang looks cool, it says open source … where is the source? soon?
> 

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 07:47:56 GMT

__@singh.amarjot__ says 
> Hello guys, i have a problem with `&lt;input type="file" /&gt;` .In particular if i put any on those variations cordova would not show me the picker(chooser) with the camera app. The variations i tried are:
> `&lt;input type="file" /&gt;`
> `&lt;input type="file" accept="image/*"`
> `&lt;input type="file" accept="image/*" capture /&gt;`
> `&lt;input type="file" accept="image/*" capture="camera" /&gt;`  and so on.
> I think the problem is with `SystemWebChromeClient` in which cordova doesn't support the <https://www.w3.org/TR/html-media-capture/> `capture` attribute. I'm considering to override SystemWebChromeClient method `onShowFileChooser` that handles `&lt;input type="file" /&gt;` . What do you recommend?
> 
> The final result i would like to have is a picker where the user can choose the "Camera" alongside with other compatible apps. As for now the camera is not showed.
> Thanks
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(12 messages)_
---

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 21:55:03 GMT

__@mattwenner1__ says 
> Does anyone have experience creating multiple “branded versions” of the same app like this idea below:
> 
> “white-label an app. For example, there are white-labeled apps for restaurants. The functionality is exactly the same but the branding is different.”
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 21:57:21 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> yes
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 21:57:40 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> So first of all, Apple policies are sort of vague on whether this is allowed anymore or not
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 21:58:09 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I built <https://www.npmjs.com/package/seymour> to allow us to make multiple builds of the same codebase with different app names/IDs
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 21:58:29 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You would still need to deal with things like changing icons/logos
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 21:59:05 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Our process for that was usually to have a `res_brandname` folder, and move it to `res` before each build, then config.xml just referenced all the icons from `res`
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 22:30:12 GMT

__@mattwenner1__ says 
> Yeah from what I read on Apple I wasn’t sure if it was even allowed still……
> 
> This looks nice, I’ll check it out!
> 
> I’m guessing the answer is yes, but for each app I’ll have to set up their own APN for push notifications and then service ids for sign in with apple as each apps unique?
> 
> My first red flag for sign in with apple is if the user access the platform via the web, it would have to use the same service id
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 22:31:10 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> yep
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 22:31:30 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> unique app ID for each, unique push certificates for each, etc.
> 

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 22:32:04 GMT

__@mattwenner1__ says 
> Cool, thanks for the confirmation before I jump into all of this
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 00:26:11 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Apple doesn’t like if you publish them all, if you sell them to customers and the customers publish them on their own account then shouldn’t be a problem
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 00:48:11 GMT

__@mattwenner1__ says 
> interesting. I’d noticed that Epic has quite a few branded apps for different healthcare systems.  I bet that is how they’re doing it.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 07:52:16 GMT

__@singh.amarjot__ says 
> Hello guys, i have a problem with `&lt;input type="file" /&gt;` .In particular if i put any on those variations cordova would not show me the picker(chooser) with the camera app. The variations i tried are:
> `&lt;input type="file" /&gt;`
> `&lt;input type="file" accept="image/*"`
> `&lt;input type="file" accept="image/*" capture /&gt;`
> `&lt;input type="file" accept="image/*" capture="camera" /&gt;`  and so on.
> I think the problem is with `SystemWebChromeClient` in which cordova doesn't support the <https://www.w3.org/TR/html-media-capture/> `capture` attribute. I'm considering to override SystemWebChromeClient method `onShowFileChooser` that handles `&lt;input type="file" /&gt;` . What do you recommend?
> 
> The final result i would like to have is a picker where the user can choose the "Camera" alongside with other compatible apps. As for now the camera is not showed.
> Thanks
> 

### __Channel #hangouts__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 20:00:13 GMT

__@slackbot__ says 
> Reminder: The next hangout is coming up on Nov. 12th at 8 AM PST.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 09 Nov 2020 13:00:13 GMT

__@kinan__ says 
> Hi all, just joined.
> I'm having some issues in creating a mac-osx build.
> 
> The pkg builds fine but when verifying from Apple - App Store Connect, i get these 2 major issues.
> ```ERROR ITMS-90236: "Missing required icon. The application bundle does not contain an icon in ICNS format, containing both a 512x512 and a 512x512@2x image. For further assistance, see the Apple Human Interface Guidelines at <https://developer.apple.com/macos/human-interface-guidelines/icons-and-images/app-icon>"
> 
> ERROR ITMS-90237: "The product archive package's signature is invalid. Ensure that it is signed with your "3rd Party Mac Developer Installer" certificate."```
> For the icon issue, i see that the build process first creates `builder-effective-config.yaml` file and in there it sets `icon: installer.png` even though i've defined it as icon.icns in my main config.xml
> 
> For the second issue, im using
> ```"electron": {
>       "mac": {
>           "package": [
>             "pkg"
>           ],
> "signing": {
>             "release": {
>               "identity": "Company Limited (ABCD123456)",
>               "entitlements": "Entitlements-Release.plist",
>               "entitlementsInherit": "Entitlements-Release-Inherit.plist",
>               "provisioningProfile": "MacAppStoreDistribution.provisionprofile"
>             }```
> and i created entitlements files with these
> ```&lt;key&gt;com.apple.security.app-sandbox&lt;/key&gt;
>     &lt;true/&gt;
> 
> and
> 
> &lt;key&gt;com.apple.security.app-sandbox&lt;/key&gt;
> &lt;true/&gt;
> &lt;key&gt;com.apple.security.inherit&lt;/key&gt;
> &lt;true/&gt;```
> Any help would be appreciated, thanks!
> 
