## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 02 Oct 2020 08:27:10 GMT

[User count: 4140](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 11:57:53 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Hi team I have updated to cordova-ios 6.1.1 with app as scheme &amp; localhost as hostname preferences in config.xml which in turn I believe has resolved the ios deprecation issue as there is no mail from ios team after testflight deployment. Now due to this app scheme there is one issue with third party maps library. I just want to understand that setting up scheme is mandatory step right and it has to be equal to app:// always right ? Thanks &amp; Regards,Pratiksha
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 14:03:44 GMT

__@werner.haingartner__ says 
> the code from my cordova app is translated to objective-c, but the iOS code from a plugin that i want to add is written in swift. now i always get an error, when i try to build the app. now the question: is this even possible?
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 22:01:29 GMT

__@sfeast__ says 
> Hi - is it possible to access config.xml preferences at runtime through JS? Specifically I’m hoping to access the AllowInlineMediaPlayback preference &amp; ideally be able to change it’s value at runtime on iOS. At a minimum being able to read it would be helpful too.
> 

### __Channel #hangouts__ _(13 messages)_
---

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 09:33:03 GMT

__@michaelbschmidt__ says 
> * proposal for discussion: release windows platform before deprecation
>  - could you cut a final release before deprecating?
>  - there are already the PRs to bring windows up-to-date with the current cli
>  - in particular it would be about getting this (already merged) bugfix out:
>    <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/331> (edited)
>  - further PRs
>    <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/381>
>    <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/380>
>    <https://github.com/apache/cordova-windows/pull/377>
>  -&gt; could you please give an indication whether a windows release is still on the table?
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 09:33:18 GMT

__@michaelbschmidt__ says 
> * proposal for discussion: cordova-plugin-camera: platform iOS: taking photos on iOS 13+ is broken
>  - situation: taking photos on iOS 13+ is broken
>    <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-camera/issues/492>
>  - solution: review, cleanup &amp; merge the PR to fix it:
>   - the PR at its core works, some cleanup needed for unnecessary package.json modification:
>    <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-camera/pull/501>
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 09:52:52 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Everything gets a last release before being deprecated, that doesn’t need a discussion 
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 13:43:46 GMT

__@pieter.vanpoyer__ says 
> Hi, way to go Cordova!
> 
> Just an idea:
> Put an official plugin in the picture. F.e. every 2 weeks take a high level view on one of the official plugins.
> Document and lay out a roadmap for a plugin.
> (if it is necessary, if the plugin is going strong and does not need to be altered, I don't bother off course.)
> Announce for example in this channel the plugin in the picture and then the community can give their future vision about the plugin. Or the community can give an insight on the biggest painpoints, quickwins and bottlenecks of the plugin.
> 
> The vision/painpoints/roadmap/quickwins should be documented and can serve as an anchor point for PR's and next versions.
> 
> ```Add  "Close action" that comments on issues asking for a new release -&gt; Great idea```
> Kind regards
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 13:51:30 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not a bad idea. I think that could extend to some platforms as well, especially the ones that isn't even documented, ie the browser platform. I know for every plugin browser tests are failing for reasons I haven't really investigated deeply into.
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:01:16 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> <https://zoom.us/j/6592440762?pwd=Z2d5bk1TeEpEWklZbjB2aUlxam53dz09>
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:01:41 GMT

__@chris.brody__ says 
> I will probably miss this one
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:42:26 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> Booted!
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:42:52 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> good story @erisu! You’re not supposed to talk about that obviously!
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:44:17 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> @purplecabbage Just for the sake of getting it in my calendar, we're aiming to do these every 2 weeks, right? So next one will be October 15th?
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:44:57 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> yes
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:45:00 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I will try and also get the `draft/` tag vote submitted out as well soon.
> 

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 15:45:29 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> I will look at the docs/translations pr
> 

### __Channel #cordova-browser__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 01 Oct 2020 08:28:06 GMT

__@ziqbal.consultech__ says 
> Thanks Alot i am using InAppBrowser now and it working Fine
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 02 Oct 2020 08:05:54 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> @rohit.agre I have just pushed Cordova Electron 2.0.0 to npm.
> 
