## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 08 Sep 2020 08:24:55 GMT

[User count: 4105](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 10:28:50 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> I have recently deployed app on testflight but still got deprecation warning with cordova-ios@5.1.0 . How do i fix it ? What is the way to identify which plugin uses uiwebview &amp; which don't ?
> 

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 10:51:58 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> After upgrading to 6.1.1 and removing webview plugin I did the following command
> ```grep -r UIWebView .```
> in terminal I could find few references in nodemodules/pluginName and nodemodule/cordova-ios (readme.md,releasenote files of plugins like camera,whitelist,wakeup,sqlite storage,inappBrowser plugin) , and few binaryfile(./platforms/ios/build/...)
> 

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 19:08:32 GMT

__@a.tokarev90__ says 
> Hey guys, i am trying to implement Voip Push Notifications for a Cordova app.
> So far we are using this plugin for FIrebase Push notifications
> <https://github.com/havesource/cordova-plugin-push/blob/master/docs/API.md>
> By default with this plugin, if GoogleServices plist file is provided, it connects to firebase.
> We are using this plugin for Push Notifications for Messages.
> In the app we also have WebRTC Video calling and we want to implement Voip Push Notifications.
> So my question being, does Firebase support Voip Push Notifications? (Last posts on StackOverflow are from 2016)
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 09:31:42 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Hi on ios@5.1.0 in cordova project after installing ionic webview plugin --&gt; adding cors as per scheme --&gt; verifying the wkweb usage using the "cordova-plugin-detect-webview-engine"  . I still got the ios deprecation error message from appStore. What could be the issue ? Following are list of plugins used :   "cordova-plugin-camera": "^4.1.0",
>     "cordova-plugin-device": "^2.0.3",
>     "cordova-plugin-file": "^6.0.2",
>     "cordova-plugin-file-transfer": "git+<https://github.com/dpa99c/cordova-plugin-file-transfer.git>",
>     "cordova-plugin-inappbrowser": "^4.0.0",
>     "cordova-plugin-whitelist": "^1.3.4",
>     "cordova-sqlite-storage": "^5.0.1",
>     "org.nypr.cordova.wakeupplugin": "git+<https://github.com/Haggus/cordova-plugin-wakeuptimer.git>" . Request to please let me know what going wrong. Thanks &amp; Regards,Pratiksha
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 18:40:05 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hey folks, I'm updating an existing custom Android media picker plugin to make it show video thumbnails in addition to pictures in the device gallery. I'm stuck with a "non-static variable in static context" error, but I'm having a really hard time identifying what needs to be changed. The attached file has the meat of the code. I have removed some parts to hopefully focus on the relevant bits. Essentially, the error occurs inside `decodeSampledBitmapFromUri` when I'm trying to get the thumbnail of a video. The method I'm using is `MediaStore.Video.Thumbnails.getThumbnail` and its first argument is the context, which is where the error starts.
> - You can see that in `loadThumbnail` I tried getting the context using `cordova.getActivity()` and then passing it to `decodeSampledBitmapFromUri`, but even inside `loadThumbnail` I'm still getting the non-static error.
> - I've tried not passing any context at all and instead just using `this.getContentResolver` (I read somewhere that `this` holds the same value as `getContext()`), but this instead gives *error: cannot find symbol getContentResolver*.
> - I've read that the fix for this error is to change the code to make static methods non-static (or make non-static variables static), so I've also tried removing the `static` designation on `CameraRollView`, `PictureCache`,  `GalleryAdapter`,  `PictureInfo`, and `PictureView` , yet I still get  *error: cannot find symbol getContentResolver*.
> I'm not sure how to proceed from here (I'm very new to Java), so would appreciate any help. The code is in the attached file. Thanks!
> 

Tue, 08 Sep 2020 04:43:59 GMT

__@suryaprakash.singamse__ says 
> Hello Experts ,
> Am using cordova dialog plugin on Andriod.
> I need your advice help on the below issue.
> My requirement is to play Beep sound thrice ,when am calling
>   navigator.notification.beep(beepFreq);
> lets say if beepFreq is 3 ,then i will get 3 Beeps ,but the gap between each beep is more.
> Need your help to reduce the gap between each beep.
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 23:29:33 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> Anyone having issues with <https://www.npmjs.com/package/cordova-plugin-calendar|cordova-plugin-calendar> lately?  iOS and Android will tell me that my app wants access to the calendar and I tell it it's okay.  But I'm not seeing the items being added to the default calendar.  It used to do it just fine, I would say in the last 2 months or so it stopped.  Anyone else with the same issue?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(2 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 14:42:25 GMT

__@jordisipkens__ says 
> Heya!
> 
> I'm trying to build an application for a `armv7l` arch. Building and everything goes fine, however when trying to execute my program on my raspberri pi, it  just states segmentation fault. Has anyone have any experience in this and how to debug this? Because on ubuntu and browser it works just fine.
> 

Mon, 07 Sep 2020 15:48:27 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I personally haven’t seen this type of issue before but kinda looked around to see if others reported anything similar..
> 
> You might want to try and checkout the systemd logs with `journalctl` …
> Some GH issues in various electron based project, not cordova specifically, talked about maybe something to do with Linux kernel 5.5.x because it was not reproducible in older versions, but as well that version affect other applications, non Electron, as well..
> Others said it might be related to the tray icon…
> 
