## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 14 Nov 2020 08:21:58 GMT

[User count: 4228](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(7 messages)_
---

Fri, 13 Nov 2020 10:35:11 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> hello, I finally found out an xcode problem and solved it, now I have another one. I use cocoapods to install the onesignal plugin. But now, the thig can't find the OneSignal.h file even though it was generated. I of course updated everything that needed to be, butr it can't be found. Is there a xcode configuration that needs to be done?
> 

Fri, 13 Nov 2020 15:09:34 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Are you opening the xcodeproj file, or the xcworkspace file? You need to open the xcworkspace for Cocoapods to work
> 

Fri, 13 Nov 2020 15:17:06 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> I am using thexcworkspace file
> 

Fri, 13 Nov 2020 15:17:47 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> I followed all the steps from the onesignal documentation. I see the file, it exists, but it is not found in the notificationService.m file
> 

Fri, 13 Nov 2020 15:19:50 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> As I spend 3 days looking for an error earlier about two files not found, I found out that there was a config in xcode that was wrong and had to use SRCROOT instead of what was there
> 

Fri, 13 Nov 2020 15:20:58 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> so I am wondering if my current problem isn't more or less the same thing. What if the system doesn't use the right path? I am lost because I am not particularly used to xcode and Apple in general, xD thank you for your help
> 

Fri, 13 Nov 2020 15:34:28 GMT

__@drouard.noelie__ says 
> I found the solution, it was this. Thanks again!
> 
