## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 18 Nov 2020 08:25:23 GMT

[User count: 4233](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #random__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 15:35:08 GMT

__@fabian.rodriguez__ says 
> a
> 

### __Channel #general__ _(10 messages)_
---

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:02:05 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> In the process of upgrading from UIWebView to WKWebView web local storage gets lost. Any plugin/ workaround recommended to bring back the data ?
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:04:17 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> There are a few forks of this plugin that do various data copying hacks: <https://github.com/ravindrapalli33/cordova-plugin-migrate-localstorage>
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:04:37 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I have a fork that works for indexedDB, but lost the localStorage bit
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:13:58 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> Looks like this plugin has dependency over webview engine plugin. Also, there are some forks available without this dependencies, I will have a check. But, is it recommended. Would there be any risk in doing such copy !!
> Thanks
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:15:26 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Shouldn't be any risk, unless you already have users on the WKWebView version
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:15:39 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> in which case their WKWebView data might get overwritten with their older UIWebView data
> 

Wed, 18 Nov 2020 02:02:32 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Ok so after having changed all my manipulations to use "transforms", it's much smoother(lessy laggy) but I find that at times the app becomes unresponsive at random. I get delays after pressing buttons but this behavior is not consistent. Sometimes delay, other times no delay. There are no errors in the remote browser. When I test on my computer browser there are no delays. Not sure if this is a device limitation. I hear that the Crosswalk plugin makes things better however would like to be sure that this is not happening because of the way I am doing things. What should I check?
> 

Wed, 18 Nov 2020 02:07:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Crosswalk hasn't been maintained in years and doesn't support being bundled, which will be a google requirement sometime in 2021.
> 

Wed, 18 Nov 2020 02:10:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're experiencing performance issues, you're best bet is to use the performance audit tools available in the web inspector. You can get a breakdown of how long functions take to run and how much time is spent in those functions.
> 
> You basically prepare the state of the app to just before you see slow downs, then hit the record button, trigger the action, then stop recording.
> 

Wed, 18 Nov 2020 02:35:39 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Cool okay
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 09:08:28 GMT

__@grandhi.subrahmanyam__ says 
> Hi, I am using file-transfer plugin to download a file. But the plugin got deprecated so replaced with cordova suggested code as  per the doc. But it's throwing file-error. Regarding this issue I posted a question in stack-overflow. It would be helpful if someone can help on this.
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 09:08:29 GMT

__@grandhi.subrahmanyam__ says 
> <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64871974/unable-to-download-a-file-from-the-url-in-apache-cordova>
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 09:08:34 GMT

__@grandhi.subrahmanyam__ says 
> <https://cordova.apache.org/blog/2017/10/18/from-filetransfer-to-xhr2.html>
> 

### __Channel #hangouts__ _(4 messages)_
---

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 19:45:42 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> ?
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:03:40 GMT

__@niklasmerz__ says 
> There was a message from the slackbot yesterday that the next meetup is Nov. 12th. It's gone for me now.
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:41:46 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> mhm I have evidence
> 

Tue, 17 Nov 2020 20:59:33 GMT

__@purplecabbage__ says 
> yeah, I ninja edited it … was making a joke … but now there is evidence 😱
> 
