## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 08 Oct 2020 08:25:56 GMT

[User count: 4159](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(16 messages)_
---

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 14:14:00 GMT

__@kornelux1__ says 
> My question is related to cordova-electron. When i run `cordova build electorn` I don't want it to fetch npm dependencies because www directory already have bundled code from webpack. Is it possible to achieve it. I can't find any answer in the google 😢
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 15:38:07 GMT

__@wehe__ says 
> Hello, anyone got to save a blob to the user in FileSave.js or download.js fashion (android, ios)?
> 
> I know it can be done by first saving to a temporary file and then opening it (plugin-file and plugin-file-opener2). I have that code running, but in my case the plugin-file stops working after a specific situation, so I'd like to get the FileSaver.saveAs like thing going.
> 
> FileSave.js and download.js fail silently, and I've also tried an anchor element with a download-attribute and both data: or blob: urls without success.
> 
> I wonder if thats possible. Thanks and cheers from Austria.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:14:32 GMT

__@jordan999__ says 
> iOS Console logging Q: I want to be able open <http://Console.app|Console.app> on my Mac and see the logs generated by a production app (in the App store). I see that some plugins are generating logs that are visible there but my console.log and console.warn doesn’t show up. Do I need to use a special cordova plugin to get my logs to show in <http://Console.app|Console.app>?
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:16:34 GMT

__@wehe__ says 
> no plugins required, you connect from safari. see <https://duckduckgo.com/?q=safari+remote+console+to+ipad>
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:23:08 GMT

__@jordan999__ says 
> That only works with non-production apps
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:26:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> In my apps I use a logging library such as JSNLog which captures/batches log messages and exceptions and sends them to your server. It's useful to monitor problems happening on the client.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:31:55 GMT

__@jordan999__ says 
> OK I was thinking that’s a possibility but I’d rather just use Console.app.. there must be a way!
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:36:21 GMT

__@jordan999__ says 
> Guess I’ll look at how cordova-ios bridges the console as OSX log calls
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:39:30 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm less knowledgable about iOS but generally speaking release/production builds turns on optimisations which often includes less console output. The android webview for example stops logging JS messages to logcat when the app is built in release mode.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:42:31 GMT

__@jordan999__ says 
> Yeah that totally makes sense. But I am using a cordova plugin that definitely is able to achieve what I want.. so I know it’s possible though maybe not with native cordova functionality
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:52:12 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Does Sass work with cordova?
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 16:53:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Cordova simply just offer's the platforms webview. The webview itself cannot understand sass, but if you compile the sass code into css then yes, it will work.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 17:04:41 GMT

__@jordan999__ says 
> OK further update… somehow logrocket’s JS code is able to get it’s logs into the <http://Console.app|Console.app>… so it IS possible using JS to log to the <http://console.app|console.app>
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 17:25:32 GMT

__@mgatto__ says 
> What options are there for in-house automated testing of Cordova apps? I'm especially interested in unit testing how-to's in the context of a cordova app, given all the dependencies.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 18:07:32 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> got it okay
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 18:13:48 GMT

__@hpma1234__ says 
> ```We have Ionic-cordova-angular app deployed in Android device. How do we clear appdata from out application. ```
> ``````
> 
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 21:58:49 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> I'm at a loss of trying to find what is wrong.   Below is my app with CLI10 and iosplatform 6.1.1  Under ios 12.2 it deploys and runs fine.   But if I deploy and run with ios13.7 or higher this happens.   The screen is blank/black.
> 
> The last build I did on September 20 which is in the app store works great on iOS 14.  It was built with CLI 10 and iosplatform 6.0.0 and I believe xcode 11.x
> 
> Any suggestions on what I could try next?  I see the splashscreen but when it goes to show my html page, it is blank.  My Android and Browser versions work great of course...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(8 messages)_
---

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 13:16:23 GMT

__@marcin.zielezny__ says 
> Hi, I have an issue with old versions of WebView installed on multiple Android Devices. Is there any possibility to embed full (latest) android webview code in app ? I know that there were a crosswalk plugin in past, which were abandonned due to automatic updates (which as I see are blocked by some device vendors). Is there any other solution ?
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 13:18:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> You're only option is crosswalk which is highly not recommended for a number reasons outside of the fact that it's not maintained.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 13:22:55 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> - It uses chrome 53 (that was the version that they had before they stopped maintaining the project) which is dated and insecure
> - Embedding chromium will explode your app size by about 50mb.
> - Crosswalk project doesn't support the android bundle system which will be enforced sometime in 2021.
> - Webviews updates very frequently, often with security patches so embedding the webview into your app will leave your users stuck on an old version of the webview unless if you constantly your app against a newer version of the webview  just as frequently as well
> cordova-android@9 supports android &gt;= 5.1 and all devices that supports this android version should have updatable webviews.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 13:29:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> There was a chromium discussion thread on google groups but I'm having trouble finding it now, but it had a google engineer explain precisely why Google doesn't support building chrome as a linkable library for embedding. Some of the reasons I posted above came from that thread.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 13:45:56 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Not all devices support it, that’s their problem, some vendors didn’t implement that for some reason. Also china blocks the play store, so Chinese users can’t update
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 14:07:41 GMT

__@david.wedgbury__ says 
> I'm working on a PR for an issue in "prepare" where the java file containing the app's CordovaActivity implementation disappears. This causes subsequent `cordova build` attempts to fail with *No Java files found that extend CordovaActivity.* This can be reproduced by building an app once, changing the package name in Config.xml /widget[@id] and running the cordova build command again. The updateProjectAccordingTo function in prepare.js writes out the new package name into the existing MainActivity.java file, but since this file is in the path that corresponds to the previous package name, it gets deleted from the project.
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 14:08:59 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Changing package name will require removing and re-adding the platform
> 

Wed, 07 Oct 2020 14:09:33 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> We have similar issues with the project name on iOS (since that's used as the filename for the Xcode project)
> 
