## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 08 Dec 2020 08:33:35 GMT

[User count: 4262](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Dec 2020 15:19:08 GMT

__@g.asci__ says 
> I am getting this error when I try to inspect my android app after Big Sur update. Do you have any idea about the cause?
> 

Mon, 07 Dec 2020 15:43:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> That error occurs when the devtools can't connect to the remote server which is the dev tools app.
> 

Mon, 07 Dec 2020 15:45:07 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Common reasons are:
> - You're operating offline
> - You have a firewall that is blocking it
> - Your corporate firewall is blocking it
> - You're in China and China's firewall is blocking it.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(4 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Dec 2020 20:37:26 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> hello, help, cordova 6.0.0
> 

Mon, 07 Dec 2020 20:37:37 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> cordova ios 6.0.0
> 

Mon, 07 Dec 2020 20:53:54 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> You can't use XMLHttpRequest (or fetch) to `file://` resources because it's considered cross-origin, and there is no webserver to give the appropriate headers.
> 
> You have 2 options:
> 1. Switch to schemes. <https://cordova.apache.org/howto/2020/07/18/uiwebview-warning.html>
> 2. Use the third-party plugin that reroutes your xhr requests to a native layer. Oracle has a plugin that does this: <https://github.com/oracle/cordova-plugin-wkwebview-file-xhr>
> Option 1 will be your ideal path in the long term however Option 1 will mean you'll lose access to your local storage containers such as cookies, local storage, indexed db, etc... because your webapp will be hosted under a different origin. If you have important data stored here and it cannot be easily recreated then Option 2 might be a better option in the short term. Alternatively, you could look at data migration plugins that migrates this data from the origin-less storage containers to your new origin.
> 

Mon, 07 Dec 2020 20:54:26 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Unrelated, but there's been important bug fixes, I wouldn't use `cordova-ios@6.0.0`, use the latest patch available... which I believe is `6.1.1` if I recall
> 
