## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 03 Sep 2020 08:24:18 GMT

[User count: 4094](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(9 messages)_
---

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 08:44:41 GMT

__@rozvora.max__ says 
> Hi guys. I updated cordova android from 8.1 to 9 and cordova cli from 8 to 10 and now when I build apk plugin.device is undefined. At previous vesions it was defined. Plese let me known whow to fix this.
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 08:46:50 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Try removing &amp; adding the plugin. Also try doing console in deviceReady function.
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 08:55:58 GMT

__@rozvora.max__ says 
> I`m removing and adding the plugins several times, but it`s not works. It`s seems like cordova.js is not added to my apk. I created app using vue and get access to cordova device plugins via vue-cordova plugin, it work but cordova is undefined
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 09:03:46 GMT

__@rohit.agre__ says 
> @rozvora.max  Just add this line before  `&lt;/body&gt;`  in your main `index.html` file
> ```&lt;script type="text/javascript" src="cordova.js"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;```
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 09:04:03 GMT

__@rohit.agre__ says 
> that should load cordova.js and give a 404 when not built with cordova 🙂
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 09:04:47 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> @erisu confirm, running as root build electron, thanks
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 09:08:48 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> So it seems to be a user permission issue.
> 
> Of course I wouldn’t recommend using root to develop or build in, but should try and investigate why your user account is failing. 
> 
> For start maybe check what user/group installed node/npm, what user/group has permission to the dir where the electon package will be saved to... etc
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 09:10:36 GMT

__@def14molester__ says 
> @erisu agree, running as root is scary, it must be node was also installed by root
> 

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 09:38:27 GMT

__@rozvora.max__ says 
> @rohit.agre it would be very easy but it didn't work for me
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 02 Sep 2020 08:33:34 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Hi team, Has anyone over here has deployed ios app after updating to wkwebview ? I currently have switched to ios@5.1.0 added cordova-plugin-ionic-webview plugin with all necessary preferences for ios and now will soon deploy to appstore. If i deploy on *test flight will I be getting the uiwebview deprecation warning* ? I *wanted to verify whether my updated app complies all check of ios for wkwebview*. Thanks &amp; Regards, Pratiksha :)
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 03 Sep 2020 06:48:29 GMT

__@joel__ says 
> Hi.  Can anyone confirm what compileSdkVersion and buildToolsVersion I should expect to be used with cordova-android@9?  I was expecting 29, but I'm seeing 28.
> 
