## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 31 Dec 2020 08:50:18 GMT

[User count: 4299](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(6 messages)_
---

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 10:54:03 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Sadly there is nothing you can do, I reported 3 separate related issues on WebKit issue tracker and none of them got any activity or attention, better use some plugin that uses native listeners
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 11:54:50 GMT

__@harsh.agarwal__ says 
> @jcesarmobile thank you for your response.
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 12:15:29 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello, my plugin cordova-plugin-pdf-generator seems to not work anymore in iOS 14 (pdf undefined). Do you know any plugin i can use to generate a PDF (printable and sharable) from a html code (concert html to pdf) please ? Best regards
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 12:31:28 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> For Generating PDFs... JavaScript solutions are poor or inaccurate in my experience. If you need to maintain offline capability, then you'll need to have a cordova plugin that communicates with generating the pdf natively. I'm not experienced on generating PDFs on Cordova so I'm not sure what kind of issues you'd run into.
> 
> If your clients are expected to have an internet connection, then backend solutions are also possible, like sending the HTML code to your backend for it to generate the PDF for your client to download. On the backend, You can use chrome headless to render and save to pdf via CLI: `chrome --headless --print-to-pdf="d:\\{{path and file name}}.pdf" <https://google.com>`
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 12:33:59 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If your backend is linux, i think the executable is actually `google-chrome`
> 

Thu, 31 Dec 2020 02:38:02 GMT

__@jalidjinou__ says 
> Hello, i created a service on Angular 10 for speech to text. It listen to the speech and add the text value in an input. To do so, i use webkitSpeechRecognition. But doing it that way don't make it work on safari and even when i generate a mobile app from Angular using cordova it don't also work. Did someone know a package that can do this so it can work on any platform? Thanks
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(9 messages)_
---

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 20:10:21 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> hello averybody, another questions of beginner
> 1. there is a "oficial" plugin to which plenty of people are reffering to, and which state that is Android compatible, but after installation looks like that is old and not supporting new Android. 
> How to find updated versions of plugins which are reffered as recommended but outdated in reality?
> <https://github.com/cowbell/cordova-plugin-geofence>
> error in image
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 20:33:05 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> 2. I saw a lot of example apps on github but what is the optimal way of installing the into my enviroment? just copy all file to freshly created project?
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 20:57:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you want to share a cordova project to another team members. The best way is to use a version control like git.
> 
> I would recommend excluding the following folders:
> - node_modules
> - plugins
> - platforms
> 
> You can do this by adding the `.gitignore` file that lists those folders. It will tell git to ignore these folders.
> 
> Another team member can clone your git repo and install the dependencies by doing `npm install`. They can also add the platforms that they want build or test for by using the `cordova platform add` command. This works well, as for example my apps we support both android and iOS... but my primarily workstation is not a mac, so I primarily only develop and test against android. There's another team member with a mac who will test and release the ios versions.
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 21:18:38 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> I  git clone the repo(I think its public repo <https://github.com/tsubik/ionic2-geofence> ), did npm install and again plenty of errors (of not using proxy ... not having Python installed ...)
> Is this normal part of the process (jumping from one error to another without end) or its just my luck or lack of knowledge?
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 21:20:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> node-sass 3 is kinda old now, and that version probably doesn't support the node version you're running.
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 21:21:47 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://github.com/sass/node-sass/releases/tag/v3.10.1>
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 21:22:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> so on windows, it only supports up to node 6, which is also obviously also dated and isn't supported by Cordova.
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 21:28:18 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> 😂 incerdible, thank Norman for stopping me going in circles
> 

Wed, 30 Dec 2020 23:16:14 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> P.S. I found your blog about GPS Accuracy super interesting, good work
> 
