## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 27 Nov 2020 08:29:23 GMT

[User count: 4246](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(13 messages)_
---

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 21:46:00 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> What determines the order that plugins run their `after-prepare` hooks in?
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 21:46:04 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Is it just install order?
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 21:50:07 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> I need to update my `AndroidManifest.xml` but the section I need to update is overwritten by an `after-prepare` hook that a plugin is running, so I figure the only ways to get around this are:
> 1. Create a plugin so I can run an `after-prepare` hook after the other plugin runs it's hook
> 2. Just write a script that I manually run after I run `cordova prepare android`
> 3. I guess I could also write a script that runs `cordova prepare android` and then modifies the XML if I feel especially lazy 
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:03:32 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> ```    getHookScripts: function (hook, opts) {
>         // args check
>         if (!hook) {
>             throw new Error('hook type is not specified');
>         }
>         return getApplicationHookScripts(hook, opts)
>             .concat(getPluginsHookScripts(hook, opts));
>     }```
> I'm not really familiar with that part of the codebase yet, but it looks like it always runs application hooks first, then plugin hooks.
> 
> Out of those methods, the order appears to come in the order they are defined in the `config.xml` or `plugin.xml` file, but I don't think there is any defined order on which plugin has their hooks ran before another plugin.
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:05:24 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Instead of using the `after_prepare` hook, you could try using `*before_build` instead*
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:08:20 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Or `before_compile`... not quite sure what the difference between a build hook and a compile hook is tbh 😕
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:09:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/appdev/hooks/#example-2-cordova-build>
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:12:34 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> The order is not random, but I don't think it's defined or documented exactly what the order is
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:13:18 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> My guess is either the order they're listed in package.json's `cordova` section, or alphabetically
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:19:27 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> <https://www.damirscorner.com/blog/posts/20170728-OrderOfCordovaPluginsMatters.html>
> Seems it might be determined by the install order
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:40:00 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I don't think that's 100% correct... or maybe it's no longer the case because when searching for plugins it does this...
> 
> ```// Match normal and scoped plugins
>     const pluginXmlPaths = glob.sync('{,@*/}*/plugin.xml', {
>         cwd: absPath,
>         nodir: true,
>         absolute: true
>     }).map(path.normalize);```
> So whatever order this glob gives is when scanning the file system directory is whatever order the plugin xml paths will be loaded in to look for hooks. The order of `glob.sync` will probably end up being whatever order the OS gives you when listing directory contents, which I think is generally alphabetical.
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 22:41:45 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Interesting, good to know
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 23:06:03 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Doing more digging, it looks like there could be potential for bugs here: <https://github.com/apache/cordova-lib/blob/919dfed6b830ec9332ecf00acc15fea411cdca90/src/hooks/HooksRunner.js#L41>
> 
> We run some functions on the `hook` and `opts` args before we do the args check, seems dangerous?
> Unless we are assuming that hook will always be defined, in whichcase the `if (!hook)`  statement isn't necessary
> 

### __Channel #hangouts__ _(8 messages)_
---

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 10:08:43 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> I won’t make it today, crazy meeting marathon ahead. I’ll sum up my progress/evaluation of using GH Actions in paramedic and plugins and shoot a mail to dev@
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 10:14:05 GMT

__@niklasmerz__ says 
> I could offer one topic. I did some work around WKWebView, proxy plugin etc.
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 16:07:53 GMT

__@niklasmerz__ says 
> Shall we start? I could do Jitsi session?
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 16:09:40 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Sure, we can give Jitsi a shot
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 16:09:54 GMT

__@niklasmerz__ says 
> <https://meet.jit.si/cordova-hangout> We can stream to Youtube as well
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 17:27:27 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> @erisu <https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/webkit/package-summary>
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 18:03:32 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> @dpogue @niklasmerz Lets add the actionable items here: <https://github.com/orgs/apache/projects/2>
> 
> We can later convert each card to an actual issue ticket for the repo it relates to.
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 19:55:37 GMT

__@niklasmerz__ says 
> I added some cards with stuff I can remember.
> 
