## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 26 Nov 2020 08:27:08 GMT

[User count: 4245](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(12 messages)_
---

Wed, 25 Nov 2020 19:58:45 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> I have one behavioural issue:
> In `iOS 13` with `Cordova-ios6x` I have rich text editor implemented, if I select the text and then select any tool say -make it bold. The selection from the text goes away and cursor moves to the beginning of the textarea.
> 
> Xcode has this in log at the same time,
> 
> `Snapshotting a view that has not been rendered at least once requires afterScreenUpdates:YES`
> 
> Also, I have added the `user-select : text` property already. Not sure what is causing this, have been stuck for some hours. Any detail to forward my search further will help.
> 
> Thanks
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:21:14 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> If I want to do things like add stuff to my `AndroidManifest.xml`, what is the best approach? Do I need to write a plugin? Should I just write a JS script that runs on cordova hook?
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:24:15 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You can use `edit-config` blocks within config.xml too
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:25:27 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Looks interesting, might be what I need
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:26:32 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Another question, is there a better way to clear out changes from previous builds other than removing the platform and then readding it?
> I find sometimes that changes to the `AndroidManifest.xml` will persist even when I do a `cordova clean`
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:33:25 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> undoing things is complicated, especially when you have a mix of changes from plugins and config.xml and they might overlap
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:33:44 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I recommend always removing the platform and starting each build from scratch
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:34:04 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Interesting
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:34:28 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> It would be nice if there was like a `cordova platform reinstall android` command or something
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:34:56 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> remove `/platforms/android` and then just regenerate it
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:35:17 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> since the platform code is already downloaded and available
> 

Thu, 26 Nov 2020 01:35:40 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> But I don't really have an understanding of how that folder works so maybe that wouldn't work
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(4 messages)_
---

Wed, 25 Nov 2020 20:11:54 GMT

__@jose2013__ says 
> Please, how can I detect when the user taps on any button on the “Location permission” modal?
> 

Wed, 25 Nov 2020 20:29:31 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Generally speaking I don't use the default prompt which you have limited control of... and instead I use a permission plugin such as <https://github.com/dpa99c/cordova-diagnostic-plugin|cordova-diagnostic-plugin> so that I can check the permission status before I even attempt to use an API and request permissions myself using the plugin API, which will callback with a response. With that response I can decide logically to proceed with an action or provide a dialog prompt stating why the app may not be able to function.
> 

Wed, 25 Nov 2020 20:32:08 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> That is one heck of a utility plugin
> 

Wed, 25 Nov 2020 20:38:03 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah, it's important to install it with explicitly specifying <https://github.com/dpa99c/cordova-diagnostic-plugin#available-modules|modules> otherwise you're app suddenly declares it wants permissions for everything, and that usually raises red flags with apple and google.
> 

### __Channel #hangouts__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 25 Nov 2020 19:33:58 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Just confirming: We're doing a hangout at the usual time tomorrow?
> 

Wed, 25 Nov 2020 20:04:35 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> It’s thanksgiving, not sure how many USA folks are there, but they will probably not join
> 
