## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 11 Nov 2020 08:21:18 GMT

[User count: 4220](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(14 messages)_
---

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 08:22:26 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> It should work, but you need to add the camera permission to your app
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 09:08:02 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> No, it doesn’t show a chooser, if they have capture it will show the camera, if not the file picker, but there is no chooser with camera or file picker
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 09:11:19 GMT

__@singh.amarjot__ says 
> @dpogue Where do you recommend to put the override? Cloning cordova and override the class seems reasonable but are there other methods?
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 16:06:18 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You should be able to add the permissions through config.xml. No code changes needed
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 16:26:25 GMT

__@singh.amarjot__ says 
> I tried but adding permission does not work
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 19:45:04 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> <https://librepago.slack.com/files/U013CNQUQAK/F01EBNMNFLJ/captura_de_pantalla_2020-11-09_a_la_s__1.11.03_p.__m..png>
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 19:45:07 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> help
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 19:47:55 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> I have some queries on the splash screen behaviour after I updated to Cordova-ios@6.1.1. suggestions pls....
> 
> 1. Splash screen does not show if I just add one line of &lt;recommended &lt;splash&gt; tag in config. I had to copy the lauchstoryboard manually to my assets folder then it apears but little strecthed image.
> 
> 2. The splash screen that's getting loaded is taking some more seconds to load as compared to previous version. I checked there are no specific js errors. Also tried reducing the delay, it improves but fresh install still shows delay. Is it to do with the older splash screen plugin !!
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 19:48:09 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> Good afternoon, ITMS-90161 error: "Invalid Provisioning Profile"
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 20:08:28 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> 
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 20:22:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Looks like you're attempting to upload your app to the app store without having a distribution certificate configured. You'd have to login to <https://developer.apple.com/> to create one if you haven't already. And you should be logged into the same developer account on Xcode. By default cordova apps are configured to let xcode automatically manage app signing, but the certificates needs to be setup on your account.
> 

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 21:40:41 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> I understand Document.execCommand('copy') is used to perform copy function, but what if user-select is set to none? Would that mean there is no way to run the copy command? I hope not
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 02:20:50 GMT

__@hideominami931103__ says 
> *[HIRING] [REMOTE] [PART TIME]*
> Hello folks!
> *Company:* Personal
> *Full-time:* No (less than 10 hours per week)
> *Remote OK:* Yes
> *Sponsorship:* No
> *Contact:* @hideominami931103
> *Salary:* 1000USD - 2000USD / month
> *Requirements:*
>       Junior/Mid/Senior Full-stack (web and mobile) Development experience.
>       Experience working remotely.
>       Open-minded and think out of the box.
>       Always kind &amp; cooperative.
> *Brief Description:* I have been working as a Project Manager of a software development team.
> We are focusing on Go/C++/Javascript/Python/Ruby frameworks and have worked for US clients. The work would be a pair of work alike.
> 
> If you have an interest, please DM me.
> Thank you for your attention.
> 

Wed, 11 Nov 2020 06:36:18 GMT

__@kinan__ says 
> Hi all, just joined.
> I'm having some issues in creating a mac-osx electron build.
> 
> The pkg builds fine but when verifying from Apple - App Store Connect, i get these 2 major issues.
> ```ERROR ITMS-90236: "Missing required icon. The application bundle does not contain an icon in ICNS format, containing both a 512x512 and a 512x512@2x image. For further assistance, see the Apple Human Interface Guidelines at <https://developer.apple.com/macos/human-interface-guidelines/icons-and-images/app-icon>"
> 
> ERROR ITMS-90237: "The product archive package's signature is invalid. Ensure that it is signed with your "3rd Party Mac Developer Installer" certificate."```
> For the icon issue, i see that the build process first creates `builder-effective-config.yaml` file and in there it sets `icon: installer.png` even though i've defined it as icon.icns in my main config.xml
> ```&lt;icon src="res/electron/icon.icns" /&gt;
> &lt;icon src="res/electron/icon.icns	" target="installer" /&gt;```
> For the second issue, im using
> ```"electron": {
>       "mac": {
>           "package": [
>             "pkg"
>           ],
> "signing": {
>             "release": {
>               "identity": "Company Limited (ABCD123456)",
>               "entitlements": "Entitlements-Release.plist",
>               "entitlementsInherit": "Entitlements-Release-Inherit.plist",
>               "provisioningProfile": "MacAppStoreDistribution.provisionprofile"
>             }```
> and i created entitlements files with these
> ```&lt;key&gt;com.apple.security.app-sandbox&lt;/key&gt;
>     &lt;true/&gt;
> 
> and
> 
> &lt;key&gt;com.apple.security.app-sandbox&lt;/key&gt;
> &lt;true/&gt;
> &lt;key&gt;com.apple.security.inherit&lt;/key&gt;
> &lt;true/&gt;```
> Any help would be appreciated, thanks!
> 

### __Channel #ios-deploy__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 10 Nov 2020 14:42:28 GMT

__@giosia__ says 
> FYI: I updated my DTK(Arm64 test Mac) with the latest Release Candidates for BigSur and Xcode and tried out ios-deploy and everything still seems to work fine. I was able to install and run an app on an iPad from the DTK using ios-deploy.
> 
