## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 09 Jul 2021 08:25:18 GMT

[User count: 4546](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #random__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 21:48:57 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Wrote a post about which Cordova Hooks run with which Cordova commands: <https://www.mathew-paul.nz/posts/cordova-hooks/>
> 

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 15:18:29 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Hi. Cordova tries to reinstall again some plugins on prepare phase even if they have been already installed: "Discovered plugin XXX. "...
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 15:18:56 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> It seems to have relationship with id name being different from plugin name
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(9 messages)_
---

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 10:39:12 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Anybody using beta 15 has seen cors issues?
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 10:55:11 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I know nik has, He's commented on <https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=226760> which had the issue resolved, but I guess as of developer beta 2, the issue was introduced again.
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 14:16:15 GMT

__@jose2013__ says 
> Hi, I’m testing Xcoed-13 Beta + iOS 15, with Cordova-ios 6.1.1 and I’m getting the following error during build:
> ```[cordova] The following build commands failed:
> [cordova] 	CompileSwift normal armv7```
> After some digging I’ve found out the following:
> ```Selected itemPROJECT—Build Settings—Excluded Architecture, Settings release Mode Any iOS SDKThe value is armv7，Because iOS14 SDK no longer supports armv7 architecture phones, armv7 needs to be removed.```
> ~Anyone aware of the issue?~ Might be conflict between stable vs beta version of Xcode, it runs from the Xcode beta…but fail from command line.
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 14:31:04 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> What's your minimum deployment target? Cordova technically supports as far back as iOS 11 so I'm not sure how we can simply remove armv7.
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 14:31:26 GMT

__@nagendlav__ says 
> Hi, i had facing an issue with saving cookies in cordova lib, I see there a function to enable cookies in android but i dont see anything in ios lib. Does anyone has similar experience ?
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 14:33:04 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I would probably recommend abandoning cookies if possible. I don't think you can reliably trust that cookies will persist, especially on iOS &gt;= 14.5
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 14:35:13 GMT

__@nagendlav__ says 
> Yea but we were using one common library for iOS and Android, In android its working fine so I can't change the flow in iOS
> 

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 14:39:56 GMT

__@jose2013__ says 
> My deployment target is 12.
> Actually maybe it is some sort of conflict between the 2 versions of Xcode, I’ve tried running from the Xcode Beta without livereload and it worked without any change to project settings.
> 

Fri, 09 Jul 2021 05:53:14 GMT

__@harsh.agarwal__ says 
> pyp[lp/lPyphy-=hy[]hy\[]
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 08 Jul 2021 08:46:24 GMT

__@chris.dyer__ says 
> Anyone know if there is a way to specify browserwindow settings to be loaded up at runtime rather than being compiled in?
> We currently have our web app load up some registry config from file and then run the appropriate command on the browerwindow object
> eg
> ```    const posX = registry.getNumber('app', 'x');
>     const posY = registry.getNumber('app', 'y');
>     const mainWindow = BrowserWindow.getFocusedWindow();
>     mainWindow.setPosition(posX, posY, true);```
> but this requires handling each setting explicitly.
> 
> We can also set some values in the `settings.json` that we point to in config.xml `ElectronSettingsFilePath`
> but this gets hardcoded in.
> 
> I would like to be able to just load up a config file with the browserwindow options object directly at runtime
> 
