## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 15 May 2021 08:22:56 GMT

[User count: 4487](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 14 May 2021 09:30:07 GMT

__@terekhov__ says 
> Hello, everyone!
> 
> Has someone expirienced working with SMS codes for iOS/Android?
> Like when you have focused input on page and sms comes, you have a suggestion 'From Messages -  9912' on your Keyboard, which will paste numbers from otp-sms, for example.
> Is there some event for this, that i can use in React and get SMS object ? Or, combination of events, which will capture everything during this process, line onkeypress + smth? (clipBoards event doesnt work here)
> or, maybe good sms cordova plugin, that doesnt require any permission (preferably) to read sms body, so i can destructure it and so on ?
> (my otp SMS dont have spicific formatting and i would like not to change anything)
> 
> EDIT: I have 4 separate inputs (for each digit), thats why i want to get whole sms object and then destructure it myself
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Fri, 14 May 2021 12:49:19 GMT

__@jose.gomez__ says 
> Hi im having a problem with splash storyboard shows the navigation bar and status bar during launch, i know that this is fixed in the 9.1.0 version.
> 
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/pull/733>
> 
> So i have update to the lastest version "cordova-android": "^9.1.0", but this problem still happening on my android builds.
> 
> i missing something?
> 

Fri, 14 May 2021 13:35:11 GMT

__@antonio.acuna__ says 
> @erisu @norman137 I see you approved the changes and merge this PR, do you know something about that? I’m currently having the same problem and update to android 9.1 does not fix it.
> 

Fri, 14 May 2021 13:44:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I don't quite remember but **during** launch, we don't have control (that's before app code actually executes). That PR addresses an issue after the app is launched.
> 
