## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 21 Oct 2021 08:21:16 GMT

[User count: 4658](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 20:09:22 GMT

__@hg__ says 
> Hello. I have a question to an angular project builded with cordova. the source map is builded with ng b. but after cordova run android the sourcemaps files are gone. its bad to debug. do anyone else has the same problem or a solution?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(5 messages)_
---

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 11:31:13 GMT

__@leo.skrilax91__ says 
> hi !
> i currently have a problem with my cordaova android project, i've make the cordova-lib update early and now my project doesn't compile with this error :
> ```FAILURE: Build failed with an exception.
> 
> * Where:
> Script 'D:\dev\github\delyss-nuxt\cordova\platforms\android\CordovaLib\cordova.gradle' line: 69
> 
> * What went wrong:
> A problem occurred evaluating script.
> &gt; Ambiguous method overloading for method io.github.g00fy2.versioncompare.Version#isLowerThan.
>   Cannot resolve which method to invoke for [null] due to overlapping prototypes between:
>   	[class io.github.g00fy2.versioncompare.Version]
>   	[class java.lang.String]```
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 17:56:47 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Good evening everybody, is AndroidX preffered method to work with plugins in future?
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 17:59:58 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> yes, cordova-android now depends on AndroidX as of version 10
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 20:45:07 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> one question more please, is there a way how to enforce type of date selection in &lt;input type="time"&gt; on Android?
> In my app I have in my phone type B(Android 8.1) which is I think.really bad UI (but on the same phone Alarm have type A so I suppose its not hardcoded by version of Android)
> thank you
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 20:46:45 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> nope 😞
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(7 messages)_
---

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 10:41:31 GMT

__@marcin.zielezny__ says 
> In  Cordova Electron 3.0 new plugin system has been introduced - have it also dropped "old" plugins implementation with "nodeIntegration" set? Is now nodeIntegration prohibited, and cannot be enabled ? After update I get only error "Electron Node.js integration is disabled, you can not use cordova-file-plugin without it
> Check docs how to enable Node.js integration:"
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 12:20:05 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Docs were not updated and it will be removed from the docs.
> 
> You might be able to still use it but was not tested.
> 
> The nodeIntegration is a bad idea since it creates a major security risks to the end user. Even Electron docs says not to use it.. It can expose the entire frontend application to node_modules where then any third-party plugin could start accessing and manipulating the users file system or even launch processes.
> 
> I am not sure what is cordova-file-plugin, unless you mean the Apache plugin cordova-plugin-file which never supported Electron natively.
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 13:44:03 GMT

__@marcin.zielezny__ says 
> That was plugin created by me, so ok I will digg what happens with nodeIntegration parameter. For now risks is OK for me ( I have to handle few cases as TCP communication, file access) - are you planning update docs for plugins creation ?
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 15:15:17 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I can't give you an exact date on when there will be documentation on Cordova docs for Electron plugin creation, but I had been trying to write up a detailed blog post on my site to explain from start to end. It will cover one type of use case.
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 15:15:42 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I know the file plugin can be a good candidate.
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 15:17:03 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> I have already also merged in Electron native support for the device plugin so you could kinda glance at its implementation pattern to see how I did it.
> 

Wed, 20 Oct 2021 15:18:02 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> And I had been communicating with others in this channel time to time to see what use cases they are trying to achieve and how we can implement it in Cordova..
> 
