## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 23 Mar 2021 08:37:56 GMT

[User count: 4413](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 22 Mar 2021 08:41:36 GMT

__@ashankar__ says 
> If a cordova plugin uses an Android api…. which has been deprecated… and might be removed in future versions of Android (12 for eg.)…
> 
> Does this mean that the functionality being used in an existing app will stop working on devices which are on Android 12
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 23 Mar 2021 02:03:31 GMT

__@ebrommers__ says 
> Do we need to deal with window.handleOpenURL differently in WKWebView-land than in its predecessor? I seem to be getting an error 5 when going down the chain to process a file shared from the iOS Mail app (window.resolveLocalFileSysyemURL / FileEntry.File / FileReader.readAsText), and am wondering where things are falling apart.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 22 Mar 2021 20:56:00 GMT

__@michael.a.oshea__ says 
> Hi peeps. Am new here. Did a quick search in the channel but didn't find anyone asking my question.
> 
> Has anyone managed to release an update to an app to the Google Play Store and install it on their Android 11 device?
> 
> The new update for my App appears OK in the store to devices &lt; Android 11 but the app does not show up in the store for Android 11 apps.
> 
> I can't see any error messages anywhere that explain why Android 11 phones don't see the app. I have tried to target API lvl 30 (that works) but the update still doesn't appear for devices running with Android 11.
> 
> Has this happened to anyone here?
> 
> Thanks!
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 22 Mar 2021 18:43:52 GMT

__@ara__ says 
> I am considering changing from cordova to capacitor. Does anyone know if the <https://github.com/darryncampbell/darryncampbell-cordova-plugin-intent|darryncampbell-cordova-plugin-intent> can be used with capacitor? If not, what can be used instead?
> 
