## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 25 Mar 2021 08:17:41 GMT

[User count: 4417](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 24 Mar 2021 18:44:20 GMT

__@jeffrey.nelson__ says 
> I have an Android 10 device. Running a cordova application.  The app vendor tells me the app uses chrome on the device.
> I patched my server and now the app is broken due to same site cookie.  The app vendor says go into chrome setting and make changes to fix.
> This does not fix the app.  In fact running Chrome on the device never has the issue, and the app always has the issue.
> 
> How do I know what is rendering the pages in the app?   The vendor support tells me chrome, but i don't believe that.   It cant be chrome on the device.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 24 Mar 2021 08:45:46 GMT

__@arnau.miro__ says 
> Hello everyone!!
> We are stuck having a reject from Apple Review. They advise we are using App Tracking Transparency but we don't know which framework or cordova plugin is using it or can using it.
> We will be thankfull is someone knows which one can be.
> 
> We attach our frameworks and plugins.
> 

Wed, 24 Mar 2021 08:46:16 GMT

__@arnau.miro__ says 
> 
> 

Wed, 24 Mar 2021 20:59:44 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello, i have one Cordova ios with SQLite database, i can export data to json file. But if user delete the app data are lost. Do you know if there is please one easy way to save/load data (or my json) to iCloud or persistent app data ? Best regards. Alex
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 24 Mar 2021 21:02:21 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello, i have one Cordova android with SQLite database, i can export data to json file. But if user delete the app data are lost. Do you know if there is please one easy way to save/load data (or my json) to Google Drive or persistent app data ? Best regards. Alex
> 

Thu, 25 Mar 2021 08:02:24 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, I'm looking into profiling my app's startup on Android. <https://dev.to/pyricau/android-vitals-profiling-app-startup-32ek|This article> suggests that the best results will come from profiling directly from the code rather than Android Studio, but I'm not sure how/where to add the code snippets provided because they're for the native Java code rather than the javascript in the webview. How can I add these snippets to my app? And also how do you go about profiling your Android APKs? Thanks!
> 
