## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 20 May 2021 08:22:57 GMT

[User count: 4488](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 May 2021 09:23:49 GMT

__@iliasmerk__ says 
> Hello, is there a way (or even a plugin), so i can create a new Intent.ACTION_VIEW, add flags to it and get results with getIntent() ?
> 

Wed, 19 May 2021 23:41:19 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Whats the best way to read the cordova mailing list?
> 
> <https://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/cordova-dev/> is not very user friendly with all the xml
> 

Wed, 19 May 2021 23:43:16 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> <https://lists.apache.org/list.html?dev@cordova.apache.org> is a slightly nicer interface
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(7 messages)_
---

Thu, 20 May 2021 04:03:46 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Hi all, does anyone know if possible to invoke a custom URI for your app from inside of your app?
> 
> e.g. I am in the app, click a link (e.g. <myapp://account>) and iOS will attempt to open this URL inside of the app
> 

Thu, 20 May 2021 04:05:27 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> I'm trying to do this at the moment (part of a work around for dealing with Braze's SDK) and even using window.open('<myapp://account>') doesn't seem to work,  I get a "Failed to webpage with error: unsupported URL" error
> 

Thu, 20 May 2021 04:06:35 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> on iOS you need to define it in Info.plist as something like `LSSupportedApplicationSchemes`
> 

Thu, 20 May 2021 04:06:50 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes`
> 

Thu, 20 May 2021 04:07:33 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> I'll double check but, I think I've done this already, the URI will work if I open it from say, Safari. It's only inside the app it seems to fail.
> 

Thu, 20 May 2021 04:24:56 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> didn't seem to help, but thanks anyways
> 

Thu, 20 May 2021 08:02:14 GMT

__@arnau.miro__ says 
> Hi guys, i’m trying to set up Sentry for cordova with sourcemaps. I have cordova-sentry which is already sending errors to sentry and sentry-webpack-plugin which is already uploading the sourcemaps. But the problem I have seems to be  something related with url param on sentry because iphone sends <ionic://localhost> and sentry is searching for a sourcemaps in //localhost/js/[id].[number].js but is not finding the sourcemaps. I have set urlPrefix on webpack plugin to prefix “~//localhost/“, but not working either.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 May 2021 15:00:37 GMT

__@antonio.acuna__ says 
> I got a video in my app that restarts itself when the user see it the first time. It restarts all time in the same frame, checking developer tools I see that error:
> ```FFmpegDemuxer: av_read_frame(): Invalid data found when processing input```
> 

Wed, 19 May 2021 15:00:44 GMT

__@antonio.acuna__ says 
> Do you know something about that?
> 

Wed, 19 May 2021 15:11:46 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> ffmpeg is a decoder for audio/video - so it seems like it received something that was unexpected.
> 

Wed, 19 May 2021 15:16:58 GMT

__@antonio.acuna__ says 
> maybe we can try to re-export the video, I was thinking about that becase it restarts always in the same frame but… only when you see the video the first time
> 
