## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 30 Sep 2021 08:21:06 GMT

[User count: 4634](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(9 messages)_
---

Wed, 29 Sep 2021 16:14:01 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> I am seeing some UI issues on my cordova app after updated to iOS 15 recently,
> - dropdowns are displaying without border
> - using `cordova-plugin-image-picker`  , when pop up opens it shows the list of folders, after folder selection next screen is blank, thumbnails are not shown but file selection happens. Similar white screen issue was seen during ios13 update for native date/time control, fix was to force light mode to entire app.
> 
> 

Wed, 29 Sep 2021 16:22:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> DOM based issues will have to be reported against Webkit.
> 
> I've personally saw an issue with transitions introduced in iOS 15, particularly if you mix/interchange units... e.g. we had a starting value of `0px` and an ending value of `85%` which broke the transition in iOS 15. The work around was to keep units consistent, so `0%-85%` worked.
> 

Wed, 29 Sep 2021 16:22:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> For the image picker plugin, you should raise an issue against the plugin author.
> 

Wed, 29 Sep 2021 20:53:00 GMT

__@fortuna__ says 
> I don't think the build issue is M1. It's an updated sdk (which M1 requires). So Cordova should approve <https://github.com/apache/cordova-osx/pull/105> so cordova-osx continues to be useful until the new replacement is ready.
> 

Wed, 29 Sep 2021 23:06:54 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> any tips and tricks about how to speed up / optimize performance of Cordova in general?
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 00:13:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Majority of our app generally lives in the webview, so most performance tips for HTML/JavaScript will generally apply to Cordova as ewll.
> 
> The two main things is use a SPA-style app. Frameworks like angular/ionic or reactjs will help with this. The benefit of SPA (single page apps) is that you load and initialise your webcode and native plugin code once rather than on each page load when navigating between pages. Obviously some care is required to avoid memory leaks.
> 
> The second thing is to ensure you have a meta viewport tag. Browsers will recognise this tag and treat the page as a "mobile application". Without it will enable traditional browser behaviour known as the ghost click. That is when you tap, the browser will wait 300ms before it triggers a click event. With the meta viewport tag however, it will trigger the click event instantly.
> 
> <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/guide/next/index.html>
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 00:26:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Outside of that -- standard JS/HTML/DOM performance rules applies... stuff like
> 
> - DOM is slow, so avoid unnecessary changes/updates to the DOM
> - Know what slows down JS, etc, avoid heavily nested functions -- closures are slow.
> - Loop over arrays, not objects... e.g. use for (i++) loops, not for...in loops.
> - Functional programming is slow compared to procedural programming, so again... use for (i++) loops, not Array.forEach
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 07:57:15 GMT

__@chris.khong__ says 
> Anyone gets the <https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/appcompat#1.4.0-beta01|androidx.appcompat:appcompat:1.4.0-beta01> automatically, which is a beta version released yesterday. I dont know how my project automatically gets this version. Does anyone have the same issue? I use cordova-android@10.0.0
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 07:59:12 GMT

__@chris.khong__ says 
> 
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 29 Sep 2021 14:33:12 GMT

__@javarea__ says 
> Hello, is there a way to open an ios application within another application and be able to send information between them?
> 
> The development in android is using onActivityResult and StartActivityForResult. Is there something similar in iOS?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(5 messages)_
---

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 01:18:34 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, is anyone getting this error recently in their builds?
> &gt; The minCompileSdk (31) specified in a
> &gt;      dependency's AAR metadata (META-INF/com/android/build/gradle/aar-metadata.properties)
> &gt;      is greater than this module's compileSdkVersion (android-30).
> &gt;      Dependency: androidx.appcompat:appcompat:1.4.0-beta01.
> &gt;      AAR metadata file: /Users/vagrant/.gradle/caches/transforms-3/cf625c79807b9ffa78b701a3a960597e/transformed/appcompat-1.4.0-beta01/META-INF/com/android/build/gradle/aar-metadata.properties.
> This error only started occurring for me about 5 hours ago, without any changes to plugins or native code. From what I've read it seems that there is a plugin that isn't pinned to a specific version of the androidx:appcompat dependency, but I can't seem to find which one. Has anyone seen and fixed this problem recently in their own build pipeline?
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 01:22:40 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Try searching inside your plugins/ folder for `appcompat`
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 01:23:39 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cordova does depend on appcompat, but we pin it to exactly version `1.3.1`
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 01:25:00 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're using cordova-android@10, then you'll be able to confirm via looking at `&lt;cordova-project&gt;/platform/android/cdv-gradle-config.json` -- you should have `"ANDROIDX_APP_COMPAT_VERSION": "1.3.1",`
> 

Thu, 30 Sep 2021 01:26:11 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Which is used in `/platforms/android/app/build.gradle` -- `implementation "androidx.appcompat:appcompat:${cordovaConfig.ANDROIDX_APP_COMPAT_VERSION}"`
> 
