## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 02 Jul 2021 08:21:20 GMT

[User count: 4539](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(10 messages)_
---

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 09:59:06 GMT

__@suraj99p__ says 
> Hello Guys. we use Cordova-iOS : ^6.2.0 in our app. On 28th June 4:00 PM IST, the splash screen used in our app was not auto hiding. Although, we set _AutoHideSplashScreen_ to its default value, which is set as _TRUE_. It was not hiding after few seconds and was showing for a long time. By 29th June 9:00 PM IST, it automatically got fixed and started working fine. Any idea, what would have caused it. Whenever the splash screen lasted for long, in initial few seconds we got this error *`[80287:812036] [ProcessSuspension] 0x7fe8ef0174b8 - TimedActivity::activityTimedOut:`*
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 18:19:22 GMT

__@renrick.charles__ says 
> Hi all. First time poster here. I have a question about the `InAppBrowser` plugin. Specifically in regards to how it works on iOS.
> I'm on Cordova version 8.
> 
> The issue is that all links show within the `InAppBrowser` show a blank screen.
> 
> In my `index.html` I have the following:
> 
> ```  &lt;meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy"
>     content="img-src * 'self' data:; default-src * 'self' gap: wss: ws: ; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'; script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval';"&gt;```
> In my config.xml for the project, I have the following:
> 
> ```...
>     &lt;platform name="ios"&gt;
>         &lt;allow-intent href="*" /&gt;
>         &lt;access origin="*" /&gt;
>         &lt;allow-navigation href="*" /&gt;
> ...```
> I invocate the plugin, roughly, as follows:
> 
> ``` window.cordova.InAppBrowser.open(src, '_blank', 'location=no,footer=no,enableViewportScale=yes,transitionstyle=crossdissolve')```
> But for some reason, while this code works in the iOS simulator, it does not work on real iOS devices.
> Why is that?
> 
> There's so little documentation out there for this, but a load of queries about it online.
> It's definitely the kind of potential issue that should be in official documentation.
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 18:25:22 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> You should be able to see more insights using the safari web inspector. You'll probably will need to cmd+r while the web inspector is focused to refresh the webview to see errors that occur on webview load (safari doesn't capture events that occur before the inspector was attached).
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 18:42:38 GMT

__@renrick.charles__ says 
> I'll try that, but before I get to that point, would you, or anyone else, have a rough suspicion about why I would see a blank screen here? Why is this such a seemingly common issue online?
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 18:48:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm not super well versed in iOS nor the in app browser, but the in app browser is intended to be an isolated webview to load up potentially untrusted website (it won't have access to the `cordova.js` api), so as long as you're loading a remote site it should work.
> 
> Apple I think also enforces certain level of encryption standards so if the website is not using https or is using a known weak TLS configuration, they may block with the default settings.
> 
> I don't think any of that explains why it may work in the simulator but not on a real device though...
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 18:53:23 GMT

__@renrick.charles__ says 
> Appreciate the insight. :)
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 18:59:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> a blank screen might seem like a common issue because there's a lot of different problems or different mistakes that yields the same outcome (e.g. document did not load). So the first step into debugging it is finding why the webpage isn't loading. Usually the safari (or chrome if debugging on android) web inspector will tell if there is a JS or networking error with loading up the document, so that probably should be your starting point. If you can't find any information there, then launching from Xcode / Android Studio so that you can monitor the native logs might be the next step, to determine if something is happening on the native side.
> 
> Could also try adding the error callback via: <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/reference/cordova-plugin-inappbrowser/#inappbrowseraddeventlistener>
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 19:16:43 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Your cordova version doesn’t matter (much), what’s your cordova-ios version?
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 19:29:11 GMT

__@renrick.charles__ says 
> 4.5.5?
> 

Thu, 01 Jul 2021 19:46:36 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> 4.5.5 is not apple compliant btw, you'll need to upgrade both the in app browser and cordova-ios to the latest version so that it uses the native WKWebView instead of the UIWebView.
> 
> If apple detects traces of UIWebView in your binary, it will be rejected on publish. With that being said, I'm sure on newer iOS versions because of that hard restriction I assume they are not worrying about breaking the UIWebview and I assume they'll completely remove it soon.
> 
