## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 23 Apr 2021 08:23:11 GMT

[User count: 4456](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 02:58:27 GMT

__@kagan.ergovan__ says 
> Hello and good morning dear Cordova community!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 22 Apr 2021 18:18:15 GMT

__@tvanzanten__ says 
> I just got the following warning from Apple for my app that is using `cordova-ios` 6.2.0 :
> 
> &gt; Dear Developer,
> &gt; We identified one or more issues with a recent delivery for your app, "RollCall - &gt;LMS Attendance" 19.0.0 (22). Your delivery was successful, but you may wish to correct the following issues in your next delivery:
> &gt; ITMS-90725: SDK Version Issue - This app was built with the iOS 13.2 SDK. All iOS apps submitted to the App Store must be built with the iOS 13 SDK or later, included in Xcode 11 or later. Further, starting April 26, 2021 iOS apps submitted to the App Store must be built with the iOS 14 SDK or later, included in Xcode 12 or later.
> &gt; After you’ve corrected the issues, you can upload a new binary to App Store Connect.
> &gt; Best regards,
> &gt; The App Store Team
> I'm really surprised Apple has not given us more of a heads up about this! Unless another Cordova iOS release is imminent, this means the Cordova community won't be able to submit app updates for a while, right?
> 

Thu, 22 Apr 2021 18:19:36 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Nope, you should just need to build with Xcode 12
> 

Thu, 22 Apr 2021 18:23:14 GMT

__@tvanzanten__ says 
> That would do it 🙂 Just checked our CircleCI pipeline and we're using Xcode 11.3.0 . Thanks!
> 

### __Channel #turkey__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 03:00:35 GMT

__@kagan.ergovan__ says 
> Arkadaşlar selamlar herkese
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 22 Apr 2021 14:05:30 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> With the android-11 restrictions on file access for api 30, for cordova-plugin-file, are the `cordova.file.dataDirectory` and `cordova.file.applicationDirectory` still OK to use, or do I need to add any permissions for it?
> 

Thu, 22 Apr 2021 14:11:08 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> They should continue working as is. I believe it's the `external*` constants that will give you trouble.
> 

Thu, 22 Apr 2021 15:54:22 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, Android recently introduced the `loadThumbnail`<https://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/ContentResolver#loadThumbnail(android.net.Uri,%2520android.util.Size,%2520android.os.CancellationSignal)| method on >`ContentResolver`, as part of a deprecation of `MediaStore.Video.Thumbnails`. I am looking for a way to get the file path of the bitmap that's produced by `loadThumbnail`. Yes, this is very similar to all the many StackOverflow questions about getting the file path from a bitmap, but all the answers I've seen indicate that the bitmap has to be saved to a file, then the path of that file is used. But `loadThumbnail` has already created the image, so I don't want to duplicate it on the device's file system. So my question is this:
> 
> Is there a way to get the file path of an *existing* image (a `Bitmap` object) without saving the bitmap to the filesystem then reading its path? Thanks.
> 

### __Channel #framework-mixins__ _(2 messages)_
---

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 03:00:11 GMT

__@kagan.ergovan__ says 
> Hello everyone
> 

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 03:00:28 GMT

__@kagan.ergovan__ says 
> I want to implement NextJS to Cordova, is it possible?
> 
