## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 02 Jun 2021 09:01:26 GMT

[User count: 4507](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(9 messages)_
---

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:19:41 GMT

__@pieter.vanpoyer__ says 
> Just a newbee question. What's the difference between cordova-plugin-camera and cordova-plugin-media-capture.
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-camera> vs <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-media-capture>
> For example to take photo's on Android and Ios and select images from Android and Ios. Can I use any of these plugins?
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:24:22 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> My recommendation is always to start with `&lt;input type="file"&gt;` and only look at plugins if you absolutely need to
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:25:27 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> cordova-plugin-camera is intended to handle taking photos, some basic cropping/editing, and picking from the gallery. I think cordova-plugin-media-capture is more intended for audio/video stuff
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:26:19 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> (although on newer versions of iOS you should be able to use `getUserMedia` and standard media APIs, so cordova-plugin-media-capture shouldn't be necessary)
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:31:13 GMT

__@pieter.vanpoyer__ says 
> Thanks.
> I've never tried the input type="file" in a Cordova app.
> Interesting, are you able to open the camera for example without a plugin? Or should you be able to open the camera without a plugin?
> Seems like I should be experimenting with the type="file" and the media-capture plugin to get a good notion of the capabilities.
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:32:30 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> `&lt;input type="file" accept="image/*"&gt;` should give you a picker to open from gallery or camera, provided you also add the right permissions to Info.plist or AndroidManifest.xml
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:33:15 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I have never used either of those plugins, but several of my apps support uploading images
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:40:44 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> One of those was supposed to be deprecated, or maybe it was the media, but we didn’t do it in the end
> 

Tue, 01 Jun 2021 15:41:40 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Input file probably needs some cordova-android changes to properly work, on iOS is provided by the webview, should “just work “
> 
