## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 13 Jul 2021 08:20:54 GMT

[User count: 4551](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Mon, 12 Jul 2021 12:10:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> First time I saw an actual report, but the App Store policies does state that if you have an app too similar to other already existing apps, they'll reject it.
> 

Mon, 12 Jul 2021 12:11:28 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> <https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#spam>
> 
> &gt; Also avoid piling on to a category that is already saturated; the App Store has enough fart, burp, flashlight, fortune telling, dating, drinking games, and Kama Sutra apps, etc. already. We will reject these apps unless they provide a unique, high-quality experience.
> 
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 13 Jul 2021 05:30:55 GMT

__@info.vishalgohil__ says 
> Hello,
> I’m developing the app in IONIC5 for IOS, My client have requirement for sharing option, like from File Manager I want to share PDF into my IONIC app and then I have to store that file on server.
> Anybody has idea how to do that or is there any package for IOS IONIC5?
> 
> Thanks 🙂
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 12 Jul 2021 16:10:29 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hi everybody, I have a problem with EventListener click in my app. 
> For some reason its very sensitive resulting in occasional doubleclick. Being quite newbie in JS I like to ask what will be the best approach to deal with the issue? thank you
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 13 Jul 2021 05:30:50 GMT

__@info.vishalgohil__ says 
> Hello,
> I’m developing the app in IONIC5 for IOS, My client have requirement for sharing option, like from File Manager I want to share PDF into my IONIC app and then I have to store that file on server.
> Anybody has idea how to do that or is there any package for IOS IONIC5?
> 
> Thanks 🙂
> 
