## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 02 Oct 2021 08:20:59 GMT

[User count: 4637](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(7 messages)_
---

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 11:15:13 GMT

__@costagauci__ says 
> Does anyone know of an easy way to check if a file exists? I know this should be doable with FileEntry but I am having a hard time with it.
> 

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 12:29:05 GMT

__@infacto__ says 
> Since a few days we get an error from Cordova Android build:
> ```Execution failed for task ':app:checkDebugAarMetadata'.
> &gt; A failure occurred while executing com.android.build.gradle.internal.tasks.CheckAarMetadataWorkAction
>    &gt; The minCompileSdk (31) specified in a
>      dependency's AAR metadata (META-INF/com/android/build/gradle/aar-metadata.properties)
>      is greater than this module's compileSdkVersion (android-30).
>      Dependency: androidx.appcompat:appcompat:1.4.0-beta01.```
> 

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 12:29:27 GMT

__@infacto__ says 
> We have nothing changed. Nothing updated. Argh... (android-cordova@10.0.0)
> 

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 12:31:31 GMT

__@infacto__ says 
> No solution yet. I don't want to hack in the temp platforms files (gradle).
> 

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 12:32:20 GMT

__@infacto__ says 
> Any guesses?
> 

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 12:46:39 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> 1. Don’t use Cordova-Android@10.0.0, use Cordova-Android@10.1.1. The latest release contains some bug fixes for various issues that you might see evenutally.
> 2. Find out what plugin you are using that sets `androidx.appcompat:appcompat`.  Your are most likely using a plugin that is not setting the correct version information. You most likely will need to modify the plugin or submit an issue ticket to that plugin.
> 

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 12:47:44 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Cordova has defined in `10.1.1` to use `androidx.appcompat:appcompat` at version `1.3.1` which works.
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/blob/master/framework/cdv-gradle-config-defaults.json#L8>
> 
> The beta version you are using `1.4.0-beta01` is known to have issues… But Cordova is obviously not setting that version as shown above. It is most likely coming from a plugin.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 01 Oct 2021 13:07:55 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> Hi guys.
> I'm using indexeddb to seve as a simple persistent local storage for data.
> Recently some of my app users have started getting a high amount of `quotaExceededError` . I checked the internet and turns out that the limit is set to to a fixed number in most browsers.
> For safari (which I assume cordova-ios uses), the number ranged from 5MB to 1GB depending on the forum.
> I looked around and looks like there isn't a way to check how much storage space is alloted for the cordova app.
> any suggestions on how I can check the space alloted?
> 
