## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 14 Jul 2021 08:20:54 GMT

[User count: 4552](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 13 Jul 2021 11:54:48 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> iOS by default is pretty locked down. Sharing the file to other apps like the File Manager is different than storing that file on a server.
> 
> The typical way of sending a file to a server is through an HTTP request that uploads the server, which the server then saves the file in a persistent location (such as database, filesystem or CDN, etc...). This can be done by reading the file using `cordova-plugin-file` plugin and then making a http request with a traditional JS `XMLHttpRequest` class.
> 
> If you want to share the file with other iOS apps, then natively that's usually done with the `UIActivityViewController`[1], I'm not aware of any cordova plugins that interfaces with that native object to share files, but there is one that most likely exists. I found this one in a quick google search: <https://github.com/EddyVerbruggen/SocialSharing-PhoneGap-Plugin> which still appears to be maintained. (Screenshots are obv old, but had updates to support AndroidX a few months ago so...)
> 
> {1] <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiactivityviewcontroller?language=objc>
> 

Tue, 13 Jul 2021 12:38:39 GMT

__@info.vishalgohil__ says 
> Thanks @norman137 for the reply, here is video of my requirement, it sharing single image from `Photos`  to my `IONIC`  app. This same I have to implement for multiple image, PDF and ZIP
> 

Tue, 13 Jul 2021 12:40:18 GMT

__@info.vishalgohil__ says 
> I checked on google, there is no any plugin for IOS IONIC-5, The plugin is available for IONIC-1 so I modified the plugin and it working for single image only.
> 

Tue, 13 Jul 2021 12:40:43 GMT

__@info.vishalgohil__ says 
> I try to manage that plugin for multiple image and PDF, ZIP but no luck.
> 

Tue, 13 Jul 2021 13:29:10 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Sorry, I don't really know how to use `UIActivityViewController` so I can't really provide much more input. I just know natively that's how you share files. Based on naming schemes, it sounds like it supports handling more than 1 file at the same time, but not sure how to make it happen.
> 
