## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 21 Jan 2021 09:10:02 GMT

[User count: 4337](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 09:13:39 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> @norman137 btw i solved my issue, since cdvfile://.... or <https://cdvfile> and basically any access to local files is FUBAR'd on wkwebview, i'm just injecting WKUserScripts into the webview
> 

Thu, 21 Jan 2021 01:55:23 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello again, I have one strange problem.
> I am trying to load custom font(ttf) into android application. The story is that its working ok in my Chrome and Firefox but not in Android App.
> Any idea how to make it working?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 10:09:23 GMT

__@mario.kurzweil__ says 
> Does anyone have experience with critical pushes on iOS? (plugin: <https://github.com/havesource/cordova-plugin-push>)
> 
> I’ve got the permission from apple to integrate/use it:
> 

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 14:23:08 GMT

__@flop__ says 
> Hi
> I used cordova-plugin-photo-library to show pictures located on the devices. Someone forked the plugin to make it compatible with cordova-ios but the method getLibrary is not really working.
> getLibrary gives you the pictures of your library with a url using the custom scheme "cdvphotolibrary". These urls gives you now a 404 message.
> I tried to fix it by myself by adding a urlSchemeHandler but it seems like adding an URLSchemeHandler is not worked because after adding the URLSchemeHandler for "cdvphotolibrary" I asked WKWebViewConfiguration about the scheme handlers for that url scheme and it tells me there is no scheme handler for that scheme. Meanwhile asking the WKWebViewConfiguration about the URLScheme of my app (app://) returns a valid URLSchemeHandler.
> I don't know how I can fix this issue. It would be great if someone could give me an advice what I could try.
> This is by the way the forked version of the plugin <https://github.com/tien271/cordova-plugin-photo-library-wkwebview>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(5 messages)_
---

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 18:50:03 GMT

__@marchjigtala__ says 
> Hi, have you ever had a problem like this
> ```Refused to load the image 'android-webview-video-poster:default_video_poster/4720968240813248693' because it violates the following Content Security Policy directive: "img-src * filesystem: data:".```
> Thanks,
> 

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 18:55:48 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Never had a problem like that, but ndon't relaly owrk with audio/video stuff either. Maybe you need to explicitly set `android-webview-video-poster:` to the img-src directive?
> 

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 19:12:28 GMT

__@marchjigtala__ says 
> Still does not work even if I set `android-webview-video-poster:` .. That problem only appear when I use this `<https://github.com/schmich/instascan>` . Do you know any qrcode reader plugin?
> 

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 19:19:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I don't, sorry.
> 

Wed, 20 Jan 2021 19:26:56 GMT

__@marchjigtala__ says 
> No prob sir, thank you
> 
