## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 18 May 2021 09:06:05 GMT

[User count: 4488](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(6 messages)_
---

Mon, 17 May 2021 12:28:28 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I would **strongly** advise against running a local http server. Unless if you have a requirement that says that a mobile device must be a server for other clients, I'd be surprised you have a requirement where running a local server on the device itself is the proper solution.
> 
> There are experimental plugins available for iOS, not sure about android... None of these local webservers that I know of will handle https requests.
> 
> As for running NodeJS, you won't be able to publish an iOS app that has a NodeJS implementation. That's against Apple's policy that dictates that all webview code and javascript code must be ran with Apple's own WKWebView and JavaScriptCore environments.
> 
> For android, not sure if there is an existing project out there but if not... you should be able to compile node to arm, and build a JNI wrapper for it, then build a cordova plugin that interfaces with the JNI wrapper.
> 
> You can find experimental plugins at: <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugins>
> 
> Local webserver plugin is specifically found at: <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugins/tree/local-webserver>
> 
> Since they were experimental, they don't have NPM releases.
> 

Mon, 17 May 2021 12:56:43 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> Again, as @norman137 said, running a httpd on a mobile device to serve content to other devices sounds like a stretch of the requirement.
> 
> &gt; Some requirement is there
> I think you need to understand the real requirement, not just assume you need a http daemon with SSL support.
> 

Mon, 17 May 2021 22:21:26 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Out of curiosity, is anyone actually paid to develop/maintain the cordova libs? Or is it all volunteer based?
> 

Mon, 17 May 2021 22:22:48 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> There might be a handful of people sponsored by their companies to spend some time working on it, but it's primarily volunteer-based
> 

Mon, 17 May 2021 22:24:18 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Interesting, thanks for answering
> 

Mon, 17 May 2021 22:26:02 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> In the past there were several companies with small teams working full-time on Cordova, but changes in focus and priorities over the years have led to it being volunteer-driven
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 May 2021 08:05:16 GMT

__@wehe__ says 
> Hi, I'm having a problem where the File-Plugin silently fails under IOS - the same code works fine under Android, I have a MWE to demo / test against. Seeking paid support/debugging, would suggest a short vidcon to explain goals and context of the use-case and the problem, then request quote for my company.
> Thanks, Werner
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 May 2021 05:00:03 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi, I  am trying to load the external url by using cordova-plugin-inappbrowser. It  works in IOS but same code is  not working in Andrroid. Just show the blank page. is any one can help me to fix this issue
> 

Tue, 18 May 2021 07:25:29 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi , It will be grate if any one provide me input that why the cordova-plugin-inappbrowser is not wok on Android?
> 
