## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 10 Feb 2021 08:33:02 GMT

[User count: 4363](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 09 Feb 2021 18:06:31 GMT

__@singh.amarjot__ says 
> Anyone knows some nice video editor plugin/library built for apps with cordova? With basic operations, not too much complex, something like cut and merge
> 

Tue, 09 Feb 2021 21:52:09 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> So I have disabled selection in my webApp, is there a way that I can still copy to clipboard?
> 

Tue, 09 Feb 2021 21:53:48 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Programmatic access to the clipboard is quite limited.
> 
> <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Interact_with_the_clipboard>
> 

Tue, 09 Feb 2021 21:54:36 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not sure on mobile browser/webview support, but it will have to be from a trusted user event, such as a click event generated from a user gesture.
> 

Tue, 09 Feb 2021 22:18:08 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> perfect it works, what was the name of the site to check compatibility again?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 09 Feb 2021 18:50:52 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, is anyone experiencing inconsistencies with positioning of elements in the app due to Samsung's camera cutout on devices like the Note 20 Ultra? There used to be a setting to disable the camera cutout but they're <https://piunikaweb.com/2021/01/07/did-samsung-one-ui-3-0-android-11-update-remove-option-to-hide-camera-cutout/|removed> that setting, and it's messing with the placement of elements in my app. I already use the status bar plugin to set the `StatusBarOverlaysWebView` setting, and it works as expected on devices that don't have a camera cutout. I've also tried using the <https://github.com/tobspr/cordova-plugin-android-notch|notch> plugin to get the cutout value and adjust accordingly, but the `hasCutout` method always returns `0` even on a device that has cutout. I'd really appreciate any ideas/suggestions, thanks!
> 
