## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 18 Nov 2021 08:21:15 GMT

[User count: 4677](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 13:15:39 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Something I personally would like to do, since I think we can be pretty confident that all webviews we support will support Promises.
> 

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 13:17:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> But there are kinda more pressing issues at hand... like stabilizing tests. Any plugin that uses &lt;edit-config&gt; tends to cause conflicts on Android because the test framework needs to use &lt;edit-config&gt; as well.
> 

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 13:19:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I've explored some solutions seeing if we can just replace our entire implementation with something more tested but haven't really found anything that looks promising.
> 

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 17:24:06 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> I think it's very straight forward and relatively easy. You can see the following commit:
> <https://github.com/HaylLtd/cordova-background-geolocation-plugin/commit/9baa8236ff143bb0989f3ec4d3f4a0f565240581#diff-3354a87f132f1ef64e275a3b168c584fb51f997f7530dcce938d7c2c1aabd991|https://github.com/HaylLtd/cordova-background-geolocation-plugin/commit/9baa8236ff143bb0989f3ec4d3f4a0f565240581#diff-3354a87f132f1ef64e275a3b168c584fb51f997f7530dcce938d7c2c1aabd991>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 16:52:05 GMT

__@tvanzanten__ says 
> Has anyone successfully migrated local storage when upgrading from `cordova-android` 9.x to 10.x? If so, what plugin did you use? The few I've tried so far do not run on `cordova-android` 10.1.1
> 
> Here's the ones I've tried:
> <https://github.com/CronApp/cordova-plugin-cronapp-migrate-storage>
> <https://github.com/openhealthhub/cordova-plugin-ionic-migrate-storage>
> 

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 17:12:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you just need local storage we used a modified version of <https://github.com/totalpave/cordova-plugin-crosswalk-data-migration/tree/totalpave/master>
> 
> This plugin is more specific for migrating crosswalk webview to cordova-android filesystem webview but the same concept applies. We modified it so that it moves to the <https://localhost> scheme. The modifications is in `totalpave/master` branch. The concept is basically finding the old storage directory &amp; files and moving them to the new path. The paths are based on origin scheme. If I recall correctly, the naming scheme for hte databases is `&lt;scheme&gt;_&lt;origin&gt;_0.localstorage`. So for a filesystem hosted app with null origin as the case with cordova-android@9, then the file name would be `file__0.localstorage`.
> 
> **As this plugin was written to migrate from crosswalk, it definitely won't work as is** (xwalk had it's own directories for this stuff that is different from the system provided webview). Also since you're migrating from the system webview to system webview with origin scheme....there is another challenge that kinda deserves it's own blog post...
> 
> Pre webview 78 chrome uses SQLite databases. &gt;= 78 chrome switched from sqlite to leveldb. Chrome 78 has a pretty severe bug where it didn't migrate sqlite to leveldb leaving old data behind but allowing clients to potentially create new data in leveldb. But chrome &gt;= 79 if you have a sqlite database, you can move it to the appropriate location and chrome will still auto migrate to leveldb afaik. They did hint at me that migration code will be removed sometime in the future but idk if that ever happened.
> 
> So basically you need to look for both a leveldb database, or fallback to an sqlite database. But if you find an sqlite database, you should be able to copy/rename it to the appropriate filename and the webview should handle migration to leveldb for you.
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 10:04:25 GMT

__@zahid2cyborg__ says 
> Is there any website that lists all the Cordova plugins?
> 

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 10:04:56 GMT

__@zahid2cyborg__ says 
> Like how nodejs has a website that lists all their packages
> 

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 11:04:48 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Our current plugin search is, sadly, broken, but you could use the npm search: <https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=ecosystem%3Acordova>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-firebase__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Nov 2021 10:03:48 GMT

__@zahid2cyborg__ says 
> Cordova and Firebase is a good combination
> 
