## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 30 Apr 2021 08:23:02 GMT

[User count: 4471](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 29 Apr 2021 10:15:52 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> @dpogue - After our chat yesterday I checked the UserAgent, on the windows cordova build, which suggests that it is using “AppleWebKit”.
> 

Thu, 29 Apr 2021 10:23:29 GMT

__@woodywoodsta__ says 
> Hello. Had a search through the channel to see if I could find anything related.
> 
> Has anyone on MacOS updated to MacOS 11.3 and had issues running their cordova app in an iOS simulator? I’m getting “Unsupported URL” for `<cdvfile://localhost/bundle/www/cordova.js>` - am left with a blank screen because the file is rejected when requested. Any ideas?
> 

Thu, 29 Apr 2021 20:29:09 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello, do you know any plugin please to show Native time picker (am/pm or 24 must be configurable) ?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 29 Apr 2021 11:19:50 GMT

__@gok.asci__ says 
> I am trying to convert URI to File using new File() class in the standart API django ImageField only accept its format but cordova-plugin-file overwrites that class. How can I solve this problem? Is there a workaround?
> 

Fri, 30 Apr 2021 00:13:09 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Has anyone been having issues with requesting permission for push notifications with <https://github.com/dpa99c/cordova-diagnostic-plugin>?
> 
> It seems that it can't handle the case where notifications are in the `UNAuthorizationStatusProvisional`  status
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 29 Apr 2021 11:19:40 GMT

__@gok.asci__ says 
> I am trying to convert URI to File using new File() class in the standart API django ImageField only accept its format but cordova-plugin-file overwrites that class. How can I solve this problem? Is there a workaround?
> 

Fri, 30 Apr 2021 06:26:24 GMT

__@leon.dudlik__ says 
> Hi there,
> Is it correct that when developing a plugin that needs `org.jetbrains.kotlin:kotlin-gradle-plugin:1.4.10` I am bound to use Cordova-Android^9.0.0?
> 
> So in other words: Are the cordova-android versions bound to the gradle version?
> Kind regards,
> Leon
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 30 Apr 2021 06:28:07 GMT

__@leon.dudlik__ says 
> Hi there,
> Is it correct that when developing a plugin that needs `org.jetbrains.kotlin:kotlin-gradle-plugin:1.4.10` I am bound to use Cordova-Android^9.0.0?
> 
> So in other words: Are the cordova-android versions bound to the gradle version?
> Kind regards,
> Leon
> 
