## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 19 Jun 2021 08:22:26 GMT

[User count: 4529](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 18 Jun 2021 11:49:55 GMT

__@azoulay.jordan__ says 
> Hello i'm new, i come here principally for my problem. May be can you help me?
> I need to change status bar color into Android OS with inAppBrowser plugin.
>  I have already managed to change the color of the status bar but i append some features and now it's down.
> Do you have any ideas ? Thank's
> 

Fri, 18 Jun 2021 14:30:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Think you're looking for `toolbarcolor` option:
> 
> &gt; toolbarcolor: set to a valid hex color string, for example: #00FF00, and it will change the color the toolbar from default. Only has effect if user has location set to yes.
> <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/reference/cordova-plugin-inappbrowser/#cordovainappbrowseropen>
> 

Sat, 19 Jun 2021 00:56:30 GMT

__@theus2719__ says 
> Hello, I would like to clear a doubt, when I run the command 'cordova build android --release' and try to install the app, I get the message "application cannot be installed" but in the debug version it installs normally, has anyone had this problem?
> 

Sat, 19 Jun 2021 01:32:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you haven't configured cordova to sign the app, cordova will build an unsigned app, which you have to use the jarsigner to sign yourself.
> 
> Apps must be signed and zip aligned to be installed for them to be installable.
> 
> Debug builds uses a debug signature generated when you install the android SDK tools.
> 
> For app signing, i'd suggest reading: <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/guide/platforms/android/index.html#signing-an-app>
> 
