## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 24 Apr 2021 08:22:55 GMT

[User count: 4457](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 09:46:06 GMT

__@chadwick.blackford__ says 
> @kagan.ergovan hola amigo!
> 

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 10:26:04 GMT

__@kagan.ergovan__ says 
> Hello @chadwick.blackford! :)
> 

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 10:26:32 GMT

__@kagan.ergovan__ says 
> Can someone help me about this? <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67223672/apache-cordova-importing-js-file-from-js-file|Stack>
> 

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 20:00:55 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> anyone ever had problems with history.go(-1) or window.history.back showing blank page ?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 09:49:31 GMT

__@chadwick.blackford__ says 
> @dpogue / @timbru / @norman137 I think, it will be (maybe) better to write some documentations in `cordova-android` `readme.md` for any changes after activating api `v30`  in `config.xml` for the ppl, who doesn’t know android and use only cordova plugins with JS api… What you thinks?
> 

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 12:31:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Releases are always accompanied with blog posts that highlights changes/breaking changes and the sort. <https://cordova.apache.org/blog/>
> 
> Although, a blog post could be made to kinda warn that users should be migrating storage if they use `externalRootDirectory` or something. There will be locations that are accessible in API 28, accessible in API 29 with the `requestLegacyExternalStorage` flag, but completely inaccessible in API 30.
> 

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 14:21:42 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Please what is the correct way to store media files to shared storage (i.e. accessible via `MediaStore` instead of locked away from other apps) starting from Android 11? App-specific storage is all the rage with Android 11 but I can't find a way to access the `VOLUME_EXTERNAL_PRIMARY` using the `File` plugin. <https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/shared/media#add-item|This example> shows how to use `VOLUME_EXTERNAL_PRIMARY` to save files to shared storage, but on <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/reference/cordova-plugin-file/index.html#where-to-store-files|this page> it seems there's no exposure to that storage volume via the `File` plugin. The alternative is to use the app-specific storage space on the external drive, but <https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/app-specific|the Android docs> state that this would not be ideal for media because the files will not be available to other apps and would be wiped if the app is uninstalled, both of which a user is unlikely to desire for pics and vids.
> 

### __Channel #ionic__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 23 Apr 2021 14:02:43 GMT

__@duaneqhodges__ says 
> Question for the people who released PWAs as opposed to using the app stores?  Apple keeps rejecting my app so I really don't have a choice but to go the PWA route.  For those who have had similar experiences, what are the pitfalls of using PWAs?
> Pros
> Cons
> 
