## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 10 Nov 2021 08:26:30 GMT

[User count: 4675](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(9 messages)_
---

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 18:43:36 GMT

__@theus2719__ says 
> Hi, I have a problem with my apk build, can someone help me?
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 18:44:35 GMT

__@theus2719__ says 
> 
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 18:48:43 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> you need to use android studio / sdkmanager CLI to accept the terms of using android SDK
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 20:54:08 GMT

__@theus2719__ says 
> I've been trying for hours but I wasn't successful
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 20:54:21 GMT

__@theus2719__ says 
> I don't know how to do it
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 21:01:57 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> 
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 21:03:55 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> In your case, you're app is trying to download/install API 26 &amp; build tools 27, so you'll need check "Show Package Details" to see older versions.
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 21:05:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Under SDK Platforms, you'll want to install Android 8.0 (Oreo).
> 
> Under SDK Tools, you'll need to check "Show Package Details", and expand `Android SDK Build-Tools` and check version 27. Then hit `Apply`, which will prompt you to accept licensing terms.
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 21:06:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Those are older SDKs though, Google won't accept APKs built with those SDKs, if you plan on making an update to the Google Play store
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 19:17:23 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> setting up our build on an M1 Mac-Mini
> Getting
> xcodebuild: Command failed with exit code 1 Error output:
> xcode-select: error: tool 'xcodebuild' requires Xcode, but active developer directory '/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools' is a command line tools instance
> Our Xcode is the M1 binary, but we are running terminal in x86 because of node dependencies.  Anyone else see this?
> 

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 20:53:33 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> Turns out we needed to do
> ```sudo xcode-select -s /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer```
> 
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 09 Nov 2021 08:38:00 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, has anyone had problems with data being outdated after updating their app to a newer version? Imagine that I save data today, then install an updated version of the app in a few hours. After that I re-open the app, and the data showing is from 4 days ago. It's hard to debug this because the outdated data is present once the app boots up, so it's not clear what caused the old data to be restored. I think this is due to the <https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/autobackup.html|auto-backup> functionality in Android. In the <https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/autobackup.html#BackupSchedule|"Backup Schedule"> section (and the caution for exceeding quota just above it) it indicates that it's possible for the app's data to not get backed up. Some other points to be aware of:
> - so far I've only seen this problem on a Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra running Android 12. That suggests that the device itself plays a role in the behavior I'm seeing, but I haven't found anything specific to samsung in my research
> - SharedPreferences and sqlite data are affected. I was initially experiencing the problem with SharedPreferences so I moved the data to sqlite, but now I've seen the problem happen again with the sqlite data
> - I was considering storing the data directly to a file, so I could read its contents when the app boots up. However, I would be saving the file in the app's private folder for security reasons, and that folder is part of the backup mechanism (for good reason of course). So ultimately I don't expect the problem to go away even if I use a file
> - turning off the autobackup feature (using `android:allowBackup="false"`) isn't a viable option for my app because it breaks other functionality
> I'd greatly appreciate any thoughts/ideas/suggestions that may help, thanks!
> 
