## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 04 Dec 2021 08:21:21 GMT

[User count: 4679](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Fri, 03 Dec 2021 11:51:34 GMT

__@info300__ says 
> Hola amigos!
> 
> do we have any problem with integration iframes inside of some SPA pages with cordova@10 (ios+android)?
> 
> Using IAB, SWC or GCT should be completely avoid…
> 
> We need to show some external pages (features) from customer site inside of modal view…
> 

Fri, 03 Dec 2021 13:41:11 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're loading an external/remote website into an iframe on the main cordova webview then you have 2 issues to be concerned about:
> 
> 1. It's really easy to introduce security vulnerabilities in your app because the iframe content could gain access to the parent window context and access the cordova bridge.
> 2. Extending on 1) Providing access to native APIs to code that isn't bundled with the app is against both Apple's and Google's store policy for their app stores. By exposing the cordova bridge, you're exposing access to native device APIs.
> Now I'm not super familiar with iframe APIs, it's been at least a decade since I personally used them... so if there is a browser feature that can block access to the parent frame, that may solve both of those concerns.
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 03 Dec 2021 14:52:28 GMT

__@darryl061__ says 
> Hello, we have a customer that needs to develop a Cordova plugin to launch alarms on Android and iOS.
> We have developed a control application with alarms, and we have developed it under the Cordova platform, and we need to develop an adhoc plugin to be able to satisfy what needs the project. If anyone is interested in reading more, I leave you a link with the complete description here below: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hpgP7lfUWUIijc_ESInMYCuQxREx0QcGU6pyEzuJLQA/edit?usp=sharing> Contact at: <mailto:info@versatils.net|info@versatils.net>
> 
