## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 12 May 2021 08:38:26 GMT

[User count: 4483](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 11 May 2021 10:20:57 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi  in the cordova-plugin-inappbrowser plugin ,is any way to  post the message   from inappbrowser(View where the external url loaded) to the webview (which load the  inappbrowser by calling InAppBrowser.open)
> 

Tue, 11 May 2021 10:42:07 GMT

__@juri.hahn__ says 
> how can I stop to redirect my App to any URL on submit form in iFrame? Onbeforeunload don't work
> 

Wed, 12 May 2021 06:44:51 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi Expert, in cordova-plugin-inappbrowser provides different options e.g  footer which can be use during cordova.InAppBrowser.open call, Can we set these options e.g I want to  hide the footer once the  inappbrowser is loaded fully e.g ‘loadstop’ callback
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 11 May 2021 12:58:53 GMT

__@marek.kozela__ says 
> Hi everyone. I have an issue with cordova plugin camera on Android device (Android 10). When I put there `saveToPhotoAlbum` option, I get the error: Error capturing image. I am using cordova-plugin-camera 4.1.0 and cordova-android 9.0.0 (I also tried cordova-android 9.1.0). Can you help me with this? Thanks
> 

Tue, 11 May 2021 13:01:47 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> The latest camera plugin is 5.0.1, is the issue still present there?
> 

Tue, 11 May 2021 13:32:33 GMT

__@marek.kozela__ says 
> It works thanks :)
> 

### __Channel #cordova-windows__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 11 May 2021 11:16:31 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi I am working on one of the project for the Oracle Siebel and our requirement is to support app on  windows platform (along with ios/android). We  are using ‘cordova-plugin-advanced-http’ which is not supported on windows. I would like to know what is the common practice to fix/handle these type of issue(I am new to Crodova)
> 

Tue, 11 May 2021 12:11:52 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> You could fork the plugin and add the required native code yourself.
> 
