## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 11 May 2021 08:37:37 GMT

[User count: 4481](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Mon, 10 May 2021 09:31:24 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi I am using cordova-plugin-inappbrowser plugin to load the URL by options (‘_blank’, ’location=no) , Now I want to call the some function from inappbrowser to cordova webview, is any way to do it?
> 

Tue, 11 May 2021 02:28:37 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> I'm encountering a strange problem with my webview (ionic-webview).
> 
> Basically my app loads some JS via a script tag that sets up a config. Without this config the app won't work, so I prevent the app's from executing and show an error screen.
> However if I:
> 1.  launch the app
> 2. Let things load
> 3. Close the app
> 4. Turn off wifi/internet access
> 5. Open the app
> The config will be cached and the app will load
> 

Tue, 11 May 2021 02:29:39 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> But if the internet is working, it will fetch a fresh copy of the config from the server. This seems a little strange to me.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Mon, 10 May 2021 09:30:44 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi I am using cordova-plugin-inappbrowser plugin to load the URL by options (‘_blank’, ’location=no) , Now I want to call the some function from inappbrowser to cordova webview, is any way to do it?
> 

Mon, 10 May 2021 20:09:03 GMT

__@ebrommers__ says 
> I’ve been noticing quite a few deprecation warnings showing up from cordova-plugin-browser in ios. Are there plans to replace UIAlertView-&gt;UIAlertController in that plugin?
> 
