## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 16 Sep 2021 08:21:05 GMT

[User count: 4620](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 15 Sep 2021 11:42:10 GMT

__@sdemir__ says 
> Hello there,
> 
> WKWebView loadFileURL method works in *iOS 14.X* versions but not in *iOS 12.X* versions.
> 
> *Parameters*
> ```nsURLfile
> file:///var/mobile/Containers/Data/Application/4206D535-D40F-4C80-85DB-EC0379DFA801/Library/NoCloud/wwww/index.html
> nsURLfileroot
> file:///var/mobile/Containers/Data/Application/4206D535-D40F-4C80-85DB-EC0379DFA801/Library/NoCloud/wwww/```
> *Method Call*
> `[(WKWebView*)_engineWebView loadFileURL:nsURLfile allowingReadAccessToURL:nsURLfileroot];`
> 
> *Error*
> ```Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=1 "Operation not permitted"```
> Have you experienced such a problem before?
> 

Wed, 15 Sep 2021 12:43:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not super familiar with the full url paths on iOS but I'm pretty sure WKWebView will only load from the application bundle directory or it's sub directories. I think the URL would look something like `/var/mobile/Applications/&lt;UUID&gt;/appname.app/`
> 
> Attempting to load a document outside of that directory, like data directories will result in an error. Although when people normally ask about this, we usually see a sandbox error, not a Operation not permitted error, so I'm not sure if I'm really talking about the same thing. Ref: <https://github.com/apache/cordova-ios/issues/1063>
> 

Wed, 15 Sep 2021 14:24:11 GMT

__@sdemir__ says 
> I added the <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkit/wkwebview/1414973-loadfileurl?language=objc|loadFileURL> method to <https://github.com/uyummobile/cordova-ios|cordova-ios> platform.
> 
> ```-(void)loadFileURL:(CDVInvokedUrlCommand*)command;
> {
>     NSString* fileurlStr = [command argumentAtIndex:0];
>     NSString* folderurlStr = [command argumentAtIndex:1];
>     NSURL *nsURLfile = [NSURL fileURLWithPath:fileurlStr];
>     NSURL *nsURLfileroot = [NSURL fileURLWithPath:folderurlStr];
>     NSFileManager* fileManager = [NSFileManager defaultManager];
>     
>     if ([fileManager fileExistsAtPath:[nsURLfile path]]){
>         [(WKWebView*)_engineWebView loadFileURL:nsURLfile allowingReadAccessToURL:nsURLfileroot];
>     }else{
>         NSLog(@"File does not exist.");
>     }
> }```
> I downloaded and redirected the files to cordova.file.dataDirectory. I used the <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@globules-io/cordova-plugin-ios-xhr|cordova-plugin-ios-xhr> plugin to load the links defined in the index file.
> 
> So far everything has been successful. But on iOS 12.X devices it didn't allow me to load files with <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkit/wkwebview/1414973-loadfileurl?language=objc|loadFileURL>. I had no problems with version 14.X.
> 
> Our updater app downloads the actual app and redirects here. I couldn't get past this error in iOS 12.X version.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 15 Sep 2021 18:47:58 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello everybody, I have a question about Fullscreen mode. I like to have my app splashcreen and app itself in true fullscreen mode (without top bar and botton SW button bar)
> I was playing with and combinations of
> 1.
> My app have declared in config.xml:
> &lt;preference name="Fullscreen" value="true" /&gt;
> 2.
> having cordova fullscreen plugin installed
> 3.
> playing and changing AndroidManifest.xml
> android:theme="@android:style/Theme.Material.Light.NoActionBar.Fullscreen" and different other themes
> 
> but for some reson I cant achieve to have fully fullscreen app. I have either bottom SW buttons bar or transparent both bars which sometimes disappear but sometimes not.
> Can someone please give some light to this topic? thank you
> 
