## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 26 Jul 2021 08:25:25 GMT

[User count: 4567](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Sun, 25 Jul 2021 17:12:45 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hi all,
> I have a question regarding app running in background mode. My app basically stop running un.background and its not visible in running tasks(playing audio).
> I found and tried 2 plugins
> 1. cordova background mode
> 2. cordova advanced background
> and added this into attached js file:
> document.addEventListener('deviceready', function () {
>     cordova.plugins.backgroundMode.enable();
>     alert("background-mode")
> }, false);
> 
> but app is still not running in.background.
> any idea what I can try or what I am doing wrong? thank you
> 

Sun, 25 Jul 2021 19:57:02 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Another question, hope its ok.
> This one is about status bar and full screen mode.
> My app have declared in config.xml:
> &lt;preference name="Fullscreen" value="true" /&gt;
> &lt;preference name="Orientation" value="portrait" /&gt;
> but dont have any fullscreen plugin installed.
> I realy like the transparent soft buttons and status bar and if possible I will like to have my app using them (transparent buttons)
> the issue is that is I click ok play button in the &lt;audio&gt; player ,the app jumps into fullscreen mode hidding the status bar and soft buttons.
> Is there a way how to "lock" transparent status bar and sw buttons appearance ?
> 
