## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 08 Jun 2021 08:22:57 GMT

[User count: 4521](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Jun 2021 10:09:16 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> @marek.kozela - You can use the HTML File System to store &amp; load your files (HTML, JavaScript, Images, etc. )- but please be aware that that certain activities of this nature will be in breach of both Google and Apples terms.  Of cause you could just use this sort of loader tool for dev and deploy the app without the loader.
> 

Mon, 07 Jun 2021 10:13:18 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> TBH - I find there are _VERY_ few instances where I can’t just use the browser on the device to test the App logic while doing the bulk of the development.  I’ll only run tests on the installed versions to ensure that it’s working as expected.  Only when interfacing with custom plugins do I need to drop to Build / Install / Test on the device.
> 

Tue, 08 Jun 2021 02:18:32 GMT

__@alokfall2015__ says 
> Hey guys, I am new here. I was wondering how to go about contributing to the project
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(4 messages)_
---

Mon, 07 Jun 2021 10:26:26 GMT

__@ariel.magno__ says 
> Hi, has anyone encountered this issue when building the app in XCode?
> 

Mon, 07 Jun 2021 19:18:56 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> Is the Cordova team holding a breakout session at Apple's WWDC 21?
> 

Tue, 08 Jun 2021 00:36:32 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Can anyone confirm that the text in iOS system permission prompt for push notifications is unmodifiable?
> It seems that the answer is no based on my searching but other permission dialogs can be changed so this seems to be a strange exception
> 

Tue, 08 Jun 2021 06:50:16 GMT

__@ariel.magno__ says 
> Hi, upgraded to cordova ios 6 and I uninstalled the cordova-plugin-wkwebview-engine thinking the wkwebview is already pre-installed on this version but I still got a blank screen when launching the app. The error logs are not descriptive. Any tips on how to debug in XCode?
> By the way, the app runs fine in the latest browser platform. Here's a list of the plugins used by the app.
> 
> `&lt;plugin name="cordova-plugin-whitelist" spec="^1.3.4" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-sqlite-storage" spec="^5.0.0" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-plugin-file-transfer" spec="^1.7.1" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-plugin-appsettings" spec="^1.0.2" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-plugin-android-permissions" spec="^1.1.2" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-plugin-statusbar" spec="^2.4.3" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-custom-config" spec="^5.1.0" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-plugin-wkwebview-file-xhr" spec="^3.0.0" /&gt;`
>     `&lt;plugin name="cordova-hot-code-push-plugin" spec="^1.5.3" /&gt;`
> 
