## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 10 Mar 2021 08:35:43 GMT

[User count: 4397](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(14 messages)_
---

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 10:29:19 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Im trying to use webpack with my project. I found this plugin (<https://www.npmjs.com/package/cordova-plugin-webpack>) that I believe I need to make it work. When I paste this
> ```cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-webpack```
>  (which I got from docs) into terminal directory where my pkg.json file is located I get this error
> 
> `Failed to fetch plugin cordova-plugin-webpack via registry.`
> `Probably this is either a connection problem, or plugin spec is incorrect.`
> `Check your connection and plugin name/version/URL.`
> `CordovaError: Error: npm: Command failed with exit code 1 Error output:`
> `npm ERR! code ERESOLVE`
> `npm ERR! ERESOLVE unable to resolve dependency tree`
> `npm ERR!`
> `npm ERR! While resolving: io.cordova.hellocordova@1.0.0`
> `npm ERR! Found: webpack-cli@4.5.0`
> `npm ERR! node_modules/webpack-cli`
> `npm ERR!   dev webpack-cli@"^4.5.0" from the root project`
> `npm ERR!`
> `npm ERR! Could not resolve dependency:`
> `npm ERR! peer webpack-cli@"^3.0.0" from cordova-plugin-webpack@1.0.5`
> `npm ERR! node_modules/cordova-plugin-webpack`
> `npm ERR!   dev cordova-plugin-webpack@"*" from the root project`
> `npm ERR!`
> `npm ERR! Fix the upstream dependency conflict, or retry`
> `npm ERR! this command with --force, or --legacy-peer-deps`
> `npm ERR! to accept an incorrect (and potentially broken) dependency resolution.`
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:45:36 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> looks like it wants webpack-cli@3 instead of  webpack-cli@4
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:46:53 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Oh!! okay I'm actually using webpack5 the latest at the moment. Do you use webpack with cordova?
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:47:14 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm not sure why a cordova plugin is required. I use webpack and I just have webpack build to the `www/` folder
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:47:29 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> webpack is ran before I run the cordova commands.
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:48:08 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> oh okay I will try it without the plugin then, just wasn't clear on how to use cordova since I have just incorprated webpack
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:48:23 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> or rather how to build I should say
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:48:58 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you wanted to use the webpack dev server/hot reload stuff, you should also be able to do that by just pointing the cordova `&lt;content src&gt;` to the webpack dev server url.
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:49:19 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> okay will try it out
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 11:52:49 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you wanted to use the plugin -- `npm install -D webpack@4 webpack-cli@3 webpack-dev-server@3` to install webpack 4
> 
> The plugin probably just doesn't support webpack 5.
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 12:20:00 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> right okay
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 15:26:42 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> When `cordova build android` is executed is there something that can be done to cancel it without having to restart VS?
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 20:14:31 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Ok so I have just moved package.json, and my node_modules folder outside of my www folder. Afterwards, my webpack run start would not compile until I adjusted these settings to this...
> `contentBase: '../../www/dist',`
> `entry: './www/src/index.js',`
> Now everything compiles with no errors, yet when I go to the localhost:8080 I get a blank page with a 404 error
> `GET <http://localhost:8080/> 404 (Not Found)`
> I'm not sure what to mess with to fix this
> 

Tue, 09 Mar 2021 22:46:44 GMT

__@kerrydupont__ says 
> Anyone using Mapkit JS in a Cordova project?  I have one small bug that's beating me: How to make the 'Legal' link open in an InAppBrowser, instead of taking over the whole view?
> 
