## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 23 Nov 2021 08:21:22 GMT

[User count: 4678](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(8 messages)_
---

Mon, 22 Nov 2021 11:52:03 GMT

__@info300__ says 
> Hallo guys! Is it possible to catch the CUSTOM_URL_SCHEMA from IAB?
> 
> what we do now - from app call customer page via IAB, user confirm some data on customer page and then customer server trigger redirect with CUSTOM_URL_SCHEMA…
> 
> now
> 
> ```...
> webView:didFailProvisionalNavigation - -1002: unsupported URL
> ...
> [assertion] Error acquiring assertion: &lt;Error Domain=RBSServiceErrorDomain Code=1 "target is not running or doesn't have entitlement com.apple.runningboard.assertions.webkit" UserInfo={NSLocalizedFailureReason=target is not running or doesn't have entitlement com.apple.runningboard.assertions.webkit}&gt;
> ...```
> Any idea?
> 

Tue, 23 Nov 2021 00:23:30 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> When does session storage clear in cordova apps? Is it only on closing the app? Or can backgrounding it cause it to clear too?
> 

Tue, 23 Nov 2021 00:59:58 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> session storage clears when the session ends.
> 
> In the context of the webview, i believe that would be when the webview is killed, which generally happens when it goes to the background.
> 

Tue, 23 Nov 2021 03:47:50 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Seems to persist between backgrounding, but I guess if it's left long enough the system will wipe it out in the name of battery optimisations
> 

Tue, 23 Nov 2021 03:47:54 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> That's on Android though
> 

Tue, 23 Nov 2021 03:48:04 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Will need to give iOS a go
> 

Tue, 23 Nov 2021 03:48:36 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> and if the phone is low spec'd it could also get axed I suppose
> 

Tue, 23 Nov 2021 08:20:49 GMT

__@marek.kozela__ says 
> Hi everyone, we want to use realm mobile database for Cordova project. I am a beginner in this field so my question is if we can use this approach. I already read some docs and found out that it is ready for React Native but what about the combination of React and Cordova? Is it suitable or what type of database should we use for project? Currently we are using SqlCipher and we want to replace that with something better. Thanks a lot for some guidance.
> 
