## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 24 Feb 2021 08:39:21 GMT

[User count: 4378](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 24 Feb 2021 03:34:19 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> I see there are a few different plugins available for implementing in-app reviews for iOS and Android, is there any one in particular that is recommended by the community?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 10:56:59 GMT

__@harsh.agarwal__ says 
> hi i am using this plugin : <https://github.com/kitolog/cordova-plugin-animated-splashscreen>
> 

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 10:59:43 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> So what do you want to tell us? 🙂
> That plugin looks really outdated.
> 

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 13:55:35 GMT

__@harsh.agarwal__ says 
> the ios code is breaking
> 

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 14:04:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> We won't really be able to offer much assistance with third-party code unfortunately. If you tell us how it's breaking we might be able to give you some hints on what needs to be done to fix the plugin.
> 
> But for iOS there are two main things that is **probably** breaking the plugin:
> - It's probably using legacy splash screens, which is deprecated and I believe will not work in iOS 14+. See <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/uilaunchimages?language=objc>
> - The splashscreen plugin is in the process of being dismantled and the code is being migrated to the core platform. This has been done in `cordova-ios@6` so if you're using `cordova-ios@6` there are probably conflicts happening. The latest version the apache's version of splashscreen has all iOS code removed.
> 

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 14:14:22 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Shameless self promotion: I’ve developed a splash screen replacement plugin that shows animated launch screens via Lottie animations, that might fit your use case, too.
> You’ll still need the mentioned launch images for iOS as those are required by Apple.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 08:48:02 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, I'm curious to know other people's experiences with plugins slowing down your app's initialization.
> The screenshot below shows the plugins taking up 4s from when they're injected to when they finish loading. This doesn't include the other scripts and assets that my app uses, so this is really expensive. Has anyone come up with a way to optimize the plugins loading? My case looks like death by a thousand cuts because I use a lot of plugins and in total they inject more than 130 scripts into the `&lt;head&gt;` tag during app init. It seems as though each script does just a little bit of work, but together they take up a large chunk of time. Any ideas/suggestions apart from just using fewer plugins? I'm considering forking the plugins and modifying them to load each function using dynamic `import()` when I actually invoke the function. Does anyone know or sense any shortcomings/concerns with such a strategy? I've also noticed that the initial `load` event after parsing the `cordova.js` file doesn't fire until around 3s into app init, so this 4s chunk of time only begins 3s into app init, giving me at least 7s of delay before `deviceready` fires, so most of my app's main logic can't run during this period. Really quite expensive. Open to any ideas, thanks in advance. These are the plugins I use:
> ```pushy-cordova
> branch-cordova-sdk
> com.googlemaps.ios
> cordova-background-geolocation
> cordova-plugin-background-fetch
> cordova-plugin-actionsheet
> cordova-plugin-android-notch
> cordova-plugin-android-permissions
> cordova-plugin-camera
> cordova-plugin-contacts
> cordova-plugin-datepicker
> cordova-plugin-dialogs
> cordova-plugin-enable-multidex
> cordova-plugin-file-transfer
> cordova-plugin-googlemaps
> cordova-plugin-googleplus
> cordova-plugin-inappbrowser
> cordova-plugin-ionic-keyboard
> cordova-plugin-ionic-webview
> cordova-plugin-ios-camera-permissions
> cordova-plugin-local-notification
> cordova-plugin-device
> cordova-plugin-badge
> cordova-plugin-media-capture
> cordova-plugin-file
> cordova-plugin-native-logs
> cordova-plugin-network-information
> cordova-plugin-purchase
> cordova-plugin-splashscreen
> cordova-plugin-statusbar
> cordova-plugin-video-editor
> cordova-plugin-whitelist
> cordova-plugin-x-socialsharing
> cordova-sqlite-storage
> cordova.plugins.diagnostic
> es6-promise-plugin
> pushy-cordova-receiver
> rollbar-cordova
> cordova-android-support-gradle-release
> cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter```
> 

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 14:02:23 GMT

__@marchjigtala__ says 
> Hi, where can I find the Passphrase for keystore?
> 
> Enter Passphrase for keystore: is showing when I run this line
> ```jarsigner -verbose -sigalg SHA1withRSA -digestalg SHA1 -keystore &lt;keystorename &lt;Unsigned APK file&gt; &lt;Keystore Alias name&gt;```
> Thanks
> 

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 14:04:34 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> That's something you choose when you create the keystore.
> 

Tue, 23 Feb 2021 14:08:53 GMT

__@tuyenhm93__ says 
> Hi, can we build cordova app as a server rendered app then load it into android webview ?
> 
