## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 09 Nov 2021 08:26:22 GMT

[User count: 4674](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(10 messages)_
---

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:10:36 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> question about cordova-android 10.1.1.  Do I need to specify
> ```&lt;preference name="AndroidXEnabled" value="true" /&gt;```
> anymore? and do i need
> ```cordova-plugin-androidx```
> anymore?
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:19:53 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> `AndroidXEnabled` preference is essentially forcefully enabled in cordova-android@10.
> 
> Not sure what `cordova-plugin-androidx` is suppose to do. Plugins that uses old/legacy support libraries (e.g. `android.support` packages) will not work as is. `cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter` is a common solution for plugin authors that doesn't have the capacity or refuses to to update their plugins to use the androidx libraries.
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:23:04 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> Sorry, I meant cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter (typo).  I removed both and things seem to be working.  My coworker is having trouble launching in the emulator (warning about android.useAndroidX).  It's running fine for me.  So I guess my plugins are androidx compliant?  I have a not so fuzzy warm feeling about that.  Wonder if I should throw it in for good measure
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:28:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> not sure -- hard to really provide any advice without knowing exactly what the warning is.
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:28:41 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> legacy android support libraries and androidx will not compile together though so it should be pretty obvious if you have plugins using legacy support libraries
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:30:15 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> oh, so I wouldn't even compile... ok
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:32:20 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> our app has been lying dormant for 18 months.  this is our first upgrade since cordova-android@9.  it's been painful.  but I think I finally have it working again.
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:35:15 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> This kind of freaked me out
> ``` &lt;preference name="AndroidInsecureFileModeEnabled" value="true" /&gt;```
> I thought I needed it initially.  But I was discouraged because then Android started marking it as a bad app and asking to remove it.  Turns out I didn't need that flag (whew).  But I imagine this is gonna bite a few people
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 19:58:57 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Depends, it mostly bites people who used a lot of file system paths in their DOM, something I personally kinda consider bad practice... if you want to interact with the file system, use the appropriate FS APIs, but that's just my personal opinion 😄
> 

Mon, 08 Nov 2021 21:42:27 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> The only problems with no using file are:
> 1. Data loss if you are updating an app. Browser storage (localStorage, websql) is tied to the url, so switching to http/https makes the app to lose the stored information. Is not really lost, just not reachable. There are plugins for moving the data.
> 2. CORS. When loading from file there are no CORS restrictions, but you are restricted if using http/https. But you are already restricted on iOS, so should be able to handle it too
> At least those are the two that I remember
> 
