## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 14 Jun 2021 08:23:43 GMT

[User count: 4526](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Sun, 13 Jun 2021 15:10:05 GMT

__@hilah1999__ says 
> Hi,
> I added several types of subscriptions to Google Play Console, I added them all in the same way, I order them in the code according to their id, some work for me and some does not work and I get this error: "Error retrieving SKU details"
> When I do: .getProducts ([id])
> .then (function (products) {
> Anyone please know what the reason is?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Sun, 13 Jun 2021 23:17:15 GMT

__@admin105__ says 
> Hello. We have a simple app that is reactive, and is expressing as a one column layout in portrait and two columns in landscape. Switching from landscape to portrait (2-&gt;1) is immediate. Going the other way, you are left with a one column layout until scrolling for some time, after 2-3 seconds it will do the layout. Or sometimes it won't at all. Where would you even begin to look at to debug this? (note my colleague said: "lock it to portrait" lol)
> 

Sun, 13 Jun 2021 23:19:36 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Question about permission prompts on iOS.
> When I request IDFA permission (using `cordova-plugin-idfa` ) I get a system prompt that locks me from doing anything else until I accept or deny the permission.
> However when I request permission for push notifications (using `cordova-diagnostic-plugin` ) I get a system prompt that I can dismiss by pressing the home button.
> 
> Is it usual for only the IDFA prompt to lock the screen like this? Or is this to do with how the plugins are calling the permission prompts?
> 
