## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 10 Sep 2021 08:25:26 GMT

[User count: 4616](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 10 Sep 2021 06:38:36 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> Hi, is there any technical explanation why the System Webview is slower than Chrome for Android?
> Is there a way for us to use the Chrome for Android instead of the System Webview?
> 

Fri, 10 Sep 2021 06:39:33 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> On modern Android versions, the System WebView usually is powered by Chrome for Android
> 

Fri, 10 Sep 2021 06:39:40 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> so there should be no difference
> 

Fri, 10 Sep 2021 06:40:57 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> Alright, thanks for the clarification.
> It must be a coding issue then, we're having slower performance after exporting to Cordova than running on Chrome for Android.
> Were there any similar cases here?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 09 Sep 2021 09:10:25 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Are you testing on simulator on m1 Mac?
> 

Thu, 09 Sep 2021 09:43:24 GMT

__@lkvh__ says 
> Does NSURLRequest allowsAnyHttpCertificateForhost still work for iOS? I've added the code to my AppDelegate but it'll still block me from accessing my invalid cert server
> 

Thu, 09 Sep 2021 14:18:22 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I cannot find any documentation for `allowsAnyHttpCertificateForhost`, as far as I can tell, that configuration does not exists....
> 
> But as of iOS 10, there were changes in how security things are handled. See <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/nsapptransportsecurity?language=objc> for more info
> 
