## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 10 Jul 2021 08:20:51 GMT

[User count: 4549](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Fri, 09 Jul 2021 08:49:18 GMT

__@joshua__ says 
> Was the network tab remove on safari when inspecting the simulator?
> 

Fri, 09 Jul 2021 09:22:06 GMT

__@joshua__ says 
> Whoops, seems like i needed to use the `Safari Technology Preview` instead of normal safari
> 

### __Channel #jobs__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 09 Jul 2021 08:51:36 GMT

__@dimitar__ says 
> [FOR HIRE] [REMOTE] [Part-Time / Full-Time / Contract]
> Hello everyone.
> How are you?
> This is Dimitar from Bulgaria.
> 
> Most definitely, my several years of hands-on experience for Web development has equipped me with the high ability and the motivation to turn your idea into a smashingly reliable build.
> I can work on your project more attractive and fashionable to reach your goal.
> Skillset:
> - Backend
>    * Node.js frameworks - Express, Serverless, Nest
>    * Python, Django
> - FrontEnd
>    * Languages - JavaScript | ES5 / 6 / 7 | TypeScript
>    * React | Redux | Redux Saga | Thunk | Context API | Gatsby | Next.js | Mobx | Apollo GQL
>    * Vue | Vuex | Vuetify | Nuxt
> - Specialist
>    * WebRTC, ICE/ Stun/Turn, Jitsi, Twillo API for chat system(Text/Audio/Video)
>    * Making stable projects with Unit Testing
>    * Project Deployment with CI/CD
>    * Hands-on DevOps skills in AWS, Azure, Google Cloud
>    * Familiarity with high SEO performance
> 
> Contact info and example of my work.
> <mailto:stay.hungry07212@gmail.com|stay.hungry07212@gmail.com>
> I'm happy to provide more background info &amp; sample work upon request, and can start working immediately.
> Regards
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(3 messages)_
---

Sat, 10 Jul 2021 04:41:39 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> Hi, is there a way to `cordova plugin add ../` all plugins in a folder?
> 

Sat, 10 Jul 2021 04:51:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I don't think cordova has a way to add multiple plugins, but a script could be made, in either node or bash to iterate over your folders and execute the `cordova plugin add` command against them.
> 

Sat, 10 Jul 2021 04:51:46 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> Ah, I see. Got it.
> Thanks!
> 
