## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 28 Apr 2021 08:23:02 GMT

[User count: 4466](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 13:47:32 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> Question: Is the Cordova Browser platform still supported? Is there documentation somewhere that describes how to deploy the browser build to the web server?
> 

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 13:51:00 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/>
> 

Wed, 28 Apr 2021 07:37:35 GMT

__@abhishekkumar619z__ says 
> Does anyone know how to make accessibility service work in android?
> I have a stackoverflow question posted <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67224206/accessibility-service-not-showing-up-android-cordova|here>
> Please let me know if you can help me solve it.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 14:31:42 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> WebKit changes in iOS 14.5: <https://firt.dev/ios-14.5/> (as always, just because something is supported in Safari on iOS doesn't mean it will work in WKWebView)
> 

### __Channel #cordova-windows__ _(6 messages)_
---

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 09:20:17 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> I just asked this in the general channel - Didn’t see the specific windows channel before :
> 
> I’m trying to attach to the `touch[start|move|end]` events via a windows 10 build. In a browser these events always trigger, but it doesn’t trigger the event handlers that I’ve bound via the installed windows 10 build. 
> I’ve tried to attach the handlers via `addEventListener` on the both the specific node the touch events are supposed to be triggering against as well as other nodes up to the window.
> 
> Of cause, I’ve also tried other binding for example via `$el.on`  
> 
> It’s as if the touch events are disabled within Cordova on windows 10.
> 
> Is there someway to enable these touch events in the Cordova build on windows 10?
> 
> Or can anyone confirm that windows 10 builds trigger these events?
> 

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 09:21:00 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> I’m just building a simple test case without any of my normal libs included, incase there’s something I’ve added which is causing it to stop triggering these events.
> 

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 09:39:10 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> The `mouse[down|move|up]`  events are triggering.   But of cause, these don’t include the `.touches` property which a regular `touchEvent` includes.  Which means I can *not* attach to 2, or more, finger gestures, such as a simple pinch to zoom, via the `mouse[down|move|up]` events.
> 

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 10:14:02 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> I’ve tested my test case, which is just a simple `console.log` via the event handlers, in Chrome and edge on the same device, and all the events trigger as expected.
> 
> I’m about to try a range of different setting for the CSS `touch-action:` property, and the old browser specific `--ms-touch-action:` property too, but I would have thought the standard events would still trigger regardless of how these are set.
> 

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 12:22:41 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> The events `pointer[down|move|up]` are triggering, with a `PointerEvent` which include a property `pointerType` which is set to `touch` -
> 
> It appears that the `PointerEvent`  includes a number of flags and properties which will allow me use them in place of the standard `touch[start|move|stop]` events.
> 
> - `e.isPrimary` - indicates if it was the first of _N_ points or not
> - `e.pointerId` - will allow me to track any number of points / individual fingers
> I should be able to reproduce some sort of polyfill that replicates the `e.touches` property of the standard `TouchEvent` sufficiently that I can call the same logic directly - The rest, such as `e.[x|y]` will allow me to calculate the type of gesture just as I’m doing with the standard event.
> 

Tue, 27 Apr 2021 13:58:35 GMT

__@andrew867__ says 
> That works.  I found that the `TouchEvent` type is also not defined, which given that the respective events aren’t triggered is understandable.
> 
> Anyway, I’ve used this as a test before enabling the polyfill that works something like the following :
> 
> ```if( typeof TouchEvent === undefined ){ 
>   var newTouchEvent = function(eventType, e){
> 
>      var touchEvent = new Event(eventType); 
>      // clone &amp; expand the event so
>      // it supports touch properties
>      // eg :
>      for( p in e ) { touchEvent[p] - e[p]; } // change to explicit clone
> 
>      // track down / move / end states 
>      // so the array of touches contains the
>      // x/y and other props
>      touchEvent.touches = trackGlobalTouches(e);     
> 
>      // ETA - some features requires the changedTouches 
>      // especially useful for more 
>      touchEvent.changedTouches = trackChangedTouches(eventType, e);   
> 
>      // There might be other TouchEvent.properties 
>      // which need setting too
> 
>      // dispatch the event, from the originating node
>      e.target.dispatchEvent(touchEvent);
>   }
> 
>    // bind the pointer[down|move|up] events on the doc
>    docuemnt.addEventistener("pointerdown", ....
> }```
> ETA : Let me know if you want an updated sample, this is just from memory.
> 
> Boom all my SVG touch events started to work.
> 
