## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 15 Feb 2021 08:35:24 GMT

[User count: 4367](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 15 Feb 2021 07:55:31 GMT

__@juri.hahn__ says 
> If I want to insert my API to iFrame its fails, because of cross-origin:
> Blocked a frame with origin "<app://example.com>" from accessing a cross-origin frame. Protocols, domains, and ports must match.
> My iFrame is on same domain as App, just protocol is different "https" and "app". What can I do to make it possible? I need access to my iFrame...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(14 messages)_
---

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 13:45:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> @ppetree maybe try running `cordova clean android` then rebuild
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 13:47:03 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> I read that somewhere yesterday. It's definitely the push plugin.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 13:48:16 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> Of course that too requires installing on a local machine... something I have thus far avoided but it looks more and more like it's a requirement.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 13:50:59 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> @ppetree I replied to your comment on the plugin issue ticket with a `cordova info`  prinout.. it will tell you what is my config.xml.. installed plugins etc..
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 13:51:48 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> Awesome, I'm just into my coffee... I'll head over and look right now! Thanks!
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 13:53:40 GMT

__@gh__ says 
> The `cordova info` output is part of the log which VoltBuilder returns.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 13:56:12 GMT

__@gh__ says 
> A MacBook Air is sufficient for cordova builds. We used one to develop VoltBuilder's cordova agent. It even ran as the public server during beta testing.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 15:06:35 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> @ppetree while re-looking the info you have written down, I think it this line:
> ```&lt;variable name="FCM_VERSION" value="17.0.0" /&gt;```
> What I have in my project, which should also be default for both plugin version 1 and 2,
> ```"FCM_VERSION": "18.+" ```
> That might be your issue actually. Because there were big changes from that version bump that required code changes such as those imports.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 15:10:26 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> I saw that and will be my first change.... right now updating node and npm on my windows machine (npm was at 6.x) just in case I have to go local. @gh has a great cloud build service and I'd rather use that if possible.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 15:11:58 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Yeah I recall you posted somewhere before a link to the build log and it printed out nicely all the information there to follow the help debug things. for example the `cordova info`  like he said earlier. I just didn’t notice the FCM version. 😄 I am pretty sure that might be the cause of the build issue.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 15:24:31 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah I keep on forgetting you're using a build service. I'm assuming VoltBuilder always setups your build in a fresh environment, so trying the clean command like I suggested wouldn't be necessary.
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 16:26:12 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> I'm the odd man out. LOL node and npm are now updated on windows... I'll destroy my macbook air in a few minutes. LOL
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 16:32:33 GMT

__@gh__ says 
> @norman137 - you're correct, we start with a fresh environment each time
> 

Sun, 14 Feb 2021 22:42:25 GMT

__@ppetree__ says 
> @erisu You were absolutely correct.  In my test app I changed to 18.0.+ and got a successful build AND was able to send a test message through FCM.  Now I will try it with my main apps.  Question is, what do I need to do to make sure this is updated in the docs for the other cloud build people?
> 
