## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 18 Feb 2021 08:34:13 GMT

[User count: 4372](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Feb 2021 09:35:45 GMT

__@aibrahim__ says 
> Hi everyone, I need to use TrustKit iOS Library in a Cordova project. Is there any Cordova plugin available for that?
> 

Wed, 17 Feb 2021 16:08:07 GMT

__@marek.kozela__ says 
> Hi everyone, in my project I am using cordova-plugin-save-image-gallery but it stopped working on Android devices. I also tried to replace it with cordova-plugin-save-image but still no success. Is there any solution for capturing an image and then save it to image gallery on Android? Thank you very much for your help 🙂
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Feb 2021 11:54:57 GMT

__@flop__ says 
> Hi
> I want to support client certificate authentication which requires overriding the method didReceive: URLAuthenticationChallenge of WKNavigationDelegate. I can't see a way to do this without breaking anything. Do you have a hint how I could achieve this?
> 

Wed, 17 Feb 2021 11:55:58 GMT

__@gh__ says 
> Anyone know about Code Signature versions? Building with the latest Cordova tooling, I get a Code Signature version of 20400, but <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/using_the_latest_code_signature_format|Apple's docs> say the latest version is 20500. Though that same document says 20400 and greater should be fine, I have a report of an ad-hoc build getting an error message when first started on an iOS 14.4 device.
> 
