## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 14 May 2021 08:23:03 GMT

[User count: 4485](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 13 May 2021 11:03:17 GMT

__@amit.agarwal.1980__ says 
> Hi , I need to inject cordova files into wkWebview . I found plugin ‘cordova-plugin-remote-injection’,I am trying to figure out sample code, Can any one help me?
> 

Thu, 13 May 2021 21:10:15 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> I would like to build a plugin in a CI environment. As far as I understand, and this is my first time doing so I probably don't understand it well, I need to bring in CordovaLib folder from somewhere in order to be able to build the plugin. Let's start with Android first just to get me going: I have a folder called Android, and in it I have the gradle stuff. One them has a `implementation project(':CordovaLib')` . When I try to compile it, it tells me that it doesn't know what CordovaLib is. Now when I build this locally, I can probably get this folder from somewhere, but how can I do it for CI server assuming I don't want to check-in the CordovaLib folder. I might be really off here since I'm looking into maintaining a very old plugin which might not be up-to-date with how things should be configured today. Any help would be appreciated.
> This is the relevant plugin code:
> <https://github.com/HaylLtd/cordova-background-geolocation-plugin>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 13 May 2021 11:23:29 GMT

__@antonio.acuna__ says 
> Do you get lag playing sounds on iOS?
> 

Thu, 13 May 2021 14:10:52 GMT

__@pritamsalunkhe4__ says 
> Hello Team,
> I am working on cordova iOS appication which has local db requirement with encryption. So I choose
> <https://github.com/storesafe/cordova-sqlcipher-adapter> plugin to achieve this. Now I am facing one issue with it because as SQLite wont allow paraller query execution.
> 1. I need to perform some database operations in while user should not get blocked on UI. 
> 2. If he perform action on the UI then it makes another database call either to fetch or save 
> in this case both the database calls are getting failed
> 

Thu, 13 May 2021 14:11:56 GMT

__@pritamsalunkhe4__ says 
> can anyone please help me this issue or is there any alternative available
> 

### __Channel #ios-platform-help__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 13 May 2021 14:13:18 GMT

__@pritamsalunkhe4__ says 
> Hello Team,
> I am working on cordova iOS appication which has local db requirement with encryption. So I choose
> <https://github.com/storesafe/cordova-sqlcipher-adapter> plugin to achieve this. Now I am facing one issue with it because as SQLite wont allow paraller query execution.
> 1. I need to perform some database operations in while user should not get blocked on UI.
> 2. If he perform action on the UI then it makes another database call either to fetch or save
> in this case both the database calls are getting failed
> 
