## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 09 Jan 2021 08:53:14 GMT

[User count: 4310](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Sat, 09 Jan 2021 08:21:07 GMT

__@g.asci__ says 
> I am having this bottom level problem if I don’t have a strecthing div full of items on ios even though I tried classic solutions for cordova-ios. Do you have any idea on the contributor? (In the second photo, I have items in the main div overflowing the div, so that I don’t have the problem)
> 

Sat, 09 Jan 2021 08:43:09 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Do you have `height: 100%` on the html or body or container? To fill the whole screen on iOS you need to use `height: 100vh`
> 

Sat, 09 Jan 2021 08:43:26 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> or `min-height: 100%` is also a common cause of this
> 

### __Channel #jobs__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 08 Jan 2021 10:24:31 GMT

__@me1559__ says 
> Hey! Anyone developing plugins on a contract basis? We need some help for our apps developing a media player plugin 🤓
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 08 Jan 2021 16:46:34 GMT

__@gurujal.22__ says 
> Can anyone help me with below error while uploading a signed apk to playstore You uploaded an APK with an invalid signature (<https://developer.android.com/tools/publishing/app-signing.html|learn more about signing>). Error from apksigner: ERROR (Jar signer CERT.RSA): SHA-256 digest of META-INF/MANIFEST.MF section for assets/www/cordova-js-src/platform.js does not match the digest specified in META-INF/CERT.SF. Expected: &lt;TIwOy5HSLz6Ooku1143xAiKmZkDCBaidLh0G54rqlxA=&gt;, actual: &lt;eg1M/eaRyQL/pRIqz6FHEGljH5D5/RQ8ioq3j4MNOY8=&gt; ERROR (Jar signer CERT.RSA): SHA-256 digest of META-INF/MANIFEST.MF section for assets/www/BuyerReward/MyRewards.html does not match the digest specified in META-INF/CERT.SF. Expected: &lt;qXwfa1wH84OjsP0QtyAdL45x9MWOTPNAxm2uDuiOB3M=&gt;, actual: &lt;1mVoSuFLYXmU3l/inqbmTfSvrotgsjVt2sQA2cKTGow=&gt; ERROR (Jar signer CERT.RSA): SHA-256 digest of META-INF/MANIFEST.MF section for assets/www/scripts/platformOverrides.js does not match the digest specified in META-INF/CERT.SF. Expected: &lt;7M93hj7N+/3lmwFb81AqddvqDNyigJLdhdKR39fWoQ0=&gt;, actual: &lt;0Y9NyLf561C5zS1mo+SVJWXGiWU8yI5d0nmqBOaYbvg=&gt; ERROR (Jar signer CERT.RSA): SHA-256 digest of META-INF/MANIFEST.MF section for assets/www/scripts/main.js does not match the digest specified in META-INF/CERT.SF. Expected: &lt;TmhUSl+AHTsjOc8okibTS/+SkmO2aD2KjiTZvM1VEHE=&gt;, actual: &lt;adCrH4PZrPjj0M+dtYWvYl0JIzQBxkrINKOtyRlJ6GE=&gt;
> 

Fri, 08 Jan 2021 16:51:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not that familiar with that error, but it kinda seems like google play was expecting your apk to be signed with a different keystore.
> 

Fri, 08 Jan 2021 16:51:45 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Are you signing your app with the same keystore as previous uploaded apks?
> 

Fri, 08 Jan 2021 17:46:44 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> I once got that error when I forgot to sign my apk before uploading it
> 
