## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 26 May 2021 08:23:54 GMT

[User count: 4498](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 25 May 2021 11:56:55 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yes... a cordova plugin can call to a callback context. By default, a callback context is destroyed once it's used, but it's possible to mark as a callback to be kept so that it can be reused.
> 
> How you use this is up to you... but you can use it to emit arbitrary events to the JS.
> 

Tue, 25 May 2021 15:21:25 GMT

__@aidanas__ says 
> Hi everyone! Could anyone point me in a right for an example of Cordova plugin implementation for `electron`  platform? I’ll need to use a custom built NPM library which is an add-on written in c++ to access windows native apis.
> 

Tue, 25 May 2021 17:30:45 GMT

__@kdalrymple__ says 
> Hello everyone, does anyone have experience with Angular + Cordova?
> I'm having an issue with my Angular app retrieving data from my API service while Angular is running on the android emulator. I'm getting back my index.html file for all API calls.
> In browser(regular angular app) and in postman my API returns the data as expected. Any ideas?
> 

Tue, 25 May 2021 17:54:40 GMT

__@mohitkjena__ says 
> hi I keep getting this error and have absolutely no idea whats going on apart from some files are missing:
> ```AAPT: error: resource mipmap/ic_launcher (aka io.cordova.hellocordova:mipmap/ic_launcher) not found.```
> 

Wed, 26 May 2021 01:32:00 GMT

__@admin105__ says 
> Hello everyone. New to cordova. Just got some success in getting the project running, preparing to check in a branch for my collaborator, but I'm not clear how to regenerate the build artifacts. If I remove the platform and plugins directories (as though I am going to place these in .gitignore), doing a "cordova prepare" is failing as it is trying to access files in those directories. What is the proper usage here?
> 
