## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 19 Oct 2021 08:21:16 GMT

[User count: 4657](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 19 Oct 2021 05:40:33 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> Hi, I'm back again with a newbie question: As a general rule, plugins made for browser should work within an Electron build, yeah?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(4 messages)_
---

Mon, 18 Oct 2021 09:36:54 GMT

__@miroslav.vojtus__ says 
> Hello all,
> we are developing cordova-ios app which needs to be integrated with MS Azure OAuth Authorization server.
> We have setup custom scheme which leads all request to have header Origin set to <scheme://localhost>.
> This is not allowed in case of mobile platform request towards Azure.
> I have confirmed with electron and manual request that removing Origin header solves the problem actuall it is also recommended by Azure at
> <https://login.microsoftonline.com/error?code=9002326>.
> 
> Is it possible to alter specfic or all request not to add Origin header?
> Alternatively do you have experience with mobile integration to MS Azure?
> 

Mon, 18 Oct 2021 12:31:41 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> No, the `Origin` header is added by any CORS-enabled browser and the WKWebView is a CORS-enabled webview. You may need to have a proxy, where you call on your own server, which then forwards the HTTP call to azure.
> 
> Or you can escape browser tech by doing the request in native via a cordova plugin instead of using the browser's `XMLHttpRequest` / `fetch`. Native http calls naturally aren't bounded by CORS or manipulated by the browser, so you can make a request without specifying the `Origin` request header.
> 

Mon, 18 Oct 2021 13:00:37 GMT

__@miroslav.vojtus__ says 
> Thanks for confirming my thoughts. I am keen to go with native CORS disabled call.
> 

Tue, 19 Oct 2021 05:51:59 GMT

__@miroslav.vojtus__ says 
> I am going to write custom plugin then. I already have one without native impl but now it seems I will write also native 🙂
> Question for me is if there is some common approach to unit testing in cordova plugins for iOS?
> Or should I go the standard way via setting up an xcode project and unit test target in the developed plugins sources?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 19 Oct 2021 00:03:33 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Regarding adaptive icons, is there a need to use different foreground source images for the different icon sizes?
> I have been testing using a single foreground for all my icons and it seems to work fine but I only have one device to test on.
> 
> ```&lt;!-- App Icons (Adaptive) --&gt;
> &lt;resource-file src="res/values/colors.xml" target="/app/src/main/res/values/colors.xml" /&gt;
> 
> &lt;icon background="@color/background" density="ldpi" foreground="res/icon/android/adaptive-icon-foreground.png" /&gt;
> &lt;icon background="@color/background" density="mdpi" foreground="res/icon/android/adaptive-icon-foreground.png" /&gt;
> &lt;icon background="@color/background" density="hdpi" foreground="res/icon/android/adaptive-icon-foreground.png" /&gt;
> &lt;icon background="@color/background" density="xhdpi" foreground="res/icon/android/adaptive-icon-foreground.png" /&gt;
> &lt;icon background="@color/background" density="xxhdpi" foreground="res/icon/android/adaptive-icon-foreground.png" /&gt;
> &lt;icon background="@color/background" density="xxxhdpi" foreground="res/icon/android/adaptive-icon-foreground.png" /&gt;```
> 

Tue, 19 Oct 2021 02:09:46 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Said screw it and got it working with a vector image instead
> 

Tue, 19 Oct 2021 02:09:59 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Will do a write up on my blog later
> 

### __Channel #help__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 18 Oct 2021 10:44:10 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> Does anyone have advice on how to get TypeScript typings to work within a Cordova app using Angular? When trying to use `let networkConnection = navigator.connection.type`  I get the following error `Property 'connection' does not exist on type 'Navigator'`
> 
> What's strange though is that within VS code the code hints work (see attached)
> 
> The plugin I'm using is `cordova-plugin-network-information`... I've tried adding the following to `/typings/cordova-typings.d.ts` but it doesn't change anything:
> 
> ```/// &lt;reference path="../node_modules/cordova-plugin-network-information/types/index.d.ts" /&gt;```
> 
