## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 05 Oct 2021 08:21:14 GMT

[User count: 4639](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(14 messages)_
---

Mon, 04 Oct 2021 08:33:11 GMT

__@khatridevk__ says 
> strange but true, a simple device restart has fixed the  white screen issue for image picker. But, it does not work for all the device.
> 
> Also, if app is installed through local distribution channel on iOS15, it gives this error "_Developer of this app needs to update it to work with this version of iPadOS"._ 
> Should I strictly build using XCode 13 only or if there is any alternate ? Have read somewhere regarding provisioning profile update, is there a case that I must update provisioning profile for iOS15 ?
> 

Mon, 04 Oct 2021 12:00:09 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> You need to update and build using XCode 13, which automatically uses the newer SDK
> 

Mon, 04 Oct 2021 12:00:35 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> At least that worked for us when we updated our iOS device to 15 and trying to use the dev copy / testflight version of our apps.
> 

Mon, 04 Oct 2021 17:38:02 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> On android the input file needs code on the WebChromeClient to work, it has never supported camera/capture on cordova-android as far as I know, only the file picker, maybe it was implemented for InAppBrowser
> 

Mon, 04 Oct 2021 18:35:49 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> @pawelkolodziej81 it would be great if you can hack it! If you need any help testing it let me know. As I wrote in the issue I have an angular workaround which uses both files and camera plugins.
> 

Mon, 04 Oct 2021 19:48:44 GMT

__@gnusiva__ says 
> Hi all, can some one please help me direct to the cordova crash reporting documentation. I need Just the apis to listen and read cordova native crash.
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:09:25 GMT

__@pawelkolodziej81__ says 
> @harel.mazor I'm implementing simplified solution (in comparsion to @norman137 discussion). When done I will try to go for more complex variant `boolean onShowFileChooser(FileChooserParams)` exposed to plugins. Anyway I'll can to share my code.
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:19:13 GMT

__@gnusiva__ says 
> Hi all, can some one respond to my previous question?
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:21:04 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> There is no built-in crash reporting for Cordova. You'll need a plugin to integrate with a crash reporting service
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:28:54 GMT

__@gnusiva__ says 
> @dpogue Thanks for your reply. Can u please help me with any stable plugin link that i can use for my application? i am struck here for past one week. I am seeing some plugin in google which exposes firebase methods as javascript functions. But all i need is a plugin which will report the crash if the app crashes even before the app loads the javascript code.
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:29:55 GMT

__@gnusiva__ says 
> i faced this issue on recent ios15 app. the app crashes and there is no logs found. because my crash analytics are implemented in javascript and the app crashing even before it loads webview or some other reason.
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:30:30 GMT

__@gnusiva__ says 
> I happened to release one more build to ios store. but i was not sure about the root cause of the crash though.
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:33:24 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I don't use any crash reporting plugins myself, so I don't have any recommendations. Someone recently said they were using Microsoft AppCenter for crash reporting
> 

Tue, 05 Oct 2021 06:34:53 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> if the crash is reproducible, the best way to debug will be running it in the simulator with Xcode
> 
