## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 02 Sep 2021 08:24:00 GMT

[User count: 4606](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #random__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 01 Sep 2021 16:21:33 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello,
> today I red multiple post on Internet about Google banning dev account after 3rd violation of Google Play rules. 
> 
> I like to ask if this is strict/enforced rule or something rare more likely to happen if dev openly/visibly abuse Google rule?.
> 
>  I like to know you opinions and experience on this topic. Thank you
> 

Wed, 01 Sep 2021 16:38:43 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm sure it depends on the violation and how severe.
> 
> I'd refer to their policies where they explain what is acceptable or not acceptable... <https://play.google.com/about/developer-content-policy/>
> 

### __Channel #testing__ _(9 messages)_
---

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 01:03:06 GMT

__@zach657__ says 
> I’m sorry for the delay I got pulled off.
> 
> Finally opened a PR with CI on the first plugin. I’m totally open to iterating on this as needed, looking for initial feedback.
> 
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-statusbar/pull/217>
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 01:51:52 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> @zach657 thank you for the PR.
> 
> I would hold off on submitting a PR for the other plugins for now.
> 
> Right now I am waiting for the Apache infrastructure team to give us access to the actions that we are using as part of this testing workflow. Apache is very strict on what can be used. Since the new actions that are not coming from the `apache/`, `actions/` or `github/` repo org and was not already on some allow list, I had to make a request.
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 01:52:40 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Once I get those two actions allowed, then paramedic will be able to run and pass. As of now paramedic still failing because of this.
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 01:54:51 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Lastly, I want to add that test matrix. I will try to set it up so you can copy it from our paramedic workflow to your PR.
> 
> Hopefully, we can get those actions allowed by Apache Infra. I had a ticket open and sitting for 5 days.
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 01:59:36 GMT

__@zach657__ says 
> Thanks for sharing the status. I was planning to try to be successful with one plugin before copying to additional plugins.
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 02:00:29 GMT

__@zach657__ says 
> Hopefully you saw that I did see your branch pinning the version on the external action, so I copied that across.
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 02:09:09 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Ah you mean for example the `reactivecircus/android-emulator-runner@5de26e4bd23bf523e8a4b7f077df8bfb8e52b50e`
> 
> This commit pin?
> 
> Some reason Apache INFRA always suggests it this way, something to do with a check they have. Not exact sure why we cant use an exact version pinning instead.
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 02:12:46 GMT

__@zach657__ says 
> Yes. That is what I meant. I assumed it was a security consideration since if the version is a tag, it could be moved by the 3rd party, where a commit cannot get moved.
> 

Thu, 02 Sep 2021 02:13:22 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> That could be why they suggest it
> 
