## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 29 Jan 2021 08:42:16 GMT

[User count: 4350](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(6 messages)_
---

Thu, 28 Jan 2021 13:22:36 GMT

__@samiboudoukha__ says 
> Hey @norman137 , how you’re doing ? We talked several months ago :) 
> 

Thu, 28 Jan 2021 13:23:54 GMT

__@samiboudoukha__ says 
> I’m just trying to figure out how to use getUserMedia included in iOS 14.3 WebKit, but I have « NotAllowedError » , despite having the permission on my Cordova app.
> 

Thu, 28 Jan 2021 22:24:44 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, how do I prevent the webview from navigating to any link that isn't `localhost` ? Basically I want to ensure that only the app can be opened by the webview. The documentation of the whitelist plugin says that the default is `&lt;allow-navigation href="*"&gt;` which allows every domain. Is `&lt;allow-navigation href="<http://localhost>"&gt;` sufficient for my needs?
> 

Fri, 29 Jan 2021 06:29:44 GMT

__@ashankar__ says 
> Hi guys… I am trying to use the “inappbrowser” in a new Ionic+Angular app
> 

Fri, 29 Jan 2021 06:31:06 GMT

__@ashankar__ says 
> I am trying to wrap my head around this “window.open” rewrite thing …
> 

Fri, 29 Jan 2021 06:32:21 GMT

__@ashankar__ says 
> in theory…we open a random website using the InAppBrowser…. on that website…we might have a “window.open” … will that not work anymore ?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 29 Jan 2021 02:59:06 GMT

__@thangdx175__ says 
> @jcesarmobile Could you please help to confirm the issue above? Thanks.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 28 Jan 2021 19:34:18 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> The Google Play Store has a new requirement that if you app uses Location you must prompt them with a detailed message of why.   On iOS this is really easy to do, but for Android, I can't seem to find what the config.xml usage description label looks like.  Any suggestions?  I'm using     &lt;plugin name="cordova-plugin-geolocation" spec="^4.0.2" /&gt; and     &lt;plugin name="cordova-background-geolocation-lt" spec="^3.0.8"&gt;
> 

Thu, 28 Jan 2021 20:04:43 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Haven't heard of that before, but I do know they require justification if you want to use geolocation from the background, and google needs to approve your justification. More info on this at <https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/9799150>
> 
> I guess you need an in-app justification label as documented at <https://developer.android.com/training/location/permissions#background>
> 
> Cordova doesn't implement any geolocation APIs for android (the plugin for android is just a shell for requesting runtime permissions), and doesn't support background geolocation, so naturally it doesn't provide any interfaces to these APIs. That would be the job of the background geolocation plugin.
> 

Fri, 29 Jan 2021 05:43:33 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> They rejected again, do you have a suggestion based on this?
> 
> *Prominent disclosure not found*
>  Your app must display a prominent disclosure through a pop-up alert *before* your app’s location runtime permission. Based on our review, a prominent disclosure did not appear before the runtime permission.
> 
>  Please add a prominent disclosure before the runtime permission.
> 
>  Remember, your prominent disclosure must:
> - Appear before your app’s location runtime permission.
> - Include at least the following sentence, adapted to include all the relevant features requesting access to location in the background in the app that are readily visible to the user: _“This app collects location data to enable ["feature"], ["feature"], &amp; ["feature"] even when the app is closed or not in use.”_ If you extend permitted usage to ads, please also include: _“This data is also used to provide ads/support advertising/support ads.”_
> - Include any other details necessary to make it clear to the user how and why you are using location in the background. While additional content is permitted, it should not cause the required content to not be immediately visible.
> 
> 
