## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 04 Nov 2021 08:21:12 GMT

[User count: 4670](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 03 Nov 2021 20:19:47 GMT

__@gok.asci__ says 
> set the channel description: Currently cordova-ios-6.0.x development
> 

Wed, 03 Nov 2021 20:20:02 GMT

__@gok.asci__ says 
> haha
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 03 Nov 2021 12:15:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> no, but I think `cdvTargetSdkVersion` gets set.
> 
> FWIW, I was using SDK 30 on cordova-android@9 before cordova-android@10 was released without issues in my apps. But cordova never officially claimed support for API 30 so mileage may vary.
> 
> API 30 issues mostly comes from plugins. The biggest change is the scoped storage enforcement, so if you were a heavy user of external files (e.g. anything outside of your application directory) you're gunna probably have trouble/
> 

Wed, 03 Nov 2021 13:09:08 GMT

__@s.grosse__ says 
> Hi,
> I am trying out cordova-android 10 with the new WebAssetLoader serving files via <https://localhost>.
> When trying to serve a file in another "window" created via cordova-plugin-inappbrowser plugin this fails with a net::ERR_CONNECTION_REFUSED error.
> Can this be changed by any configuration?
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 03 Nov 2021 19:08:45 GMT

__@erikyuzwa__ says 
> n00b question about plugin development. Is there any docs on local plugin development? I've been adding a local plugin with the `--link`  flag, but the only way to see changes in my plugin within my project, is to always remove then re-add the entire plugin. It's very tedious. Is there a better / different way?
> 

Wed, 03 Nov 2021 19:16:19 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> `--link` only works with native sources I believe, not the JS sources.
> 
> And I think it doesn't work properly if you install the plugin via `file:./some/local/path` even though it looks like it does -- `cordova plugin add ../some/local/path --link` works, based on my observations... `--link` flag always worked finicky for me, but I never investigated whether if it's an actual problem or if it's just a "me" problem.
> 
