## Cordova Slack Digest
Tue, 16 Mar 2021 08:35:14 GMT

[User count: 4404](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Mon, 15 Mar 2021 18:35:26 GMT

__@anhaabaete__ says 
> Hello folks! Im trying run cordova project on Android Studio / unbuntu Linux. But I dont get it. Where I found a good tutorial about this?
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 01:04:36 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> You can work with phonegap-nfc to read and write in an app 100%, I need help !!
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 01:05:36 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> What methods of data transfers exist?
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 04:08:58 GMT

__@ivan.harpley__ says 
> Does anyone have experience with securing CDN content via their apps existing JWT implementation?
> 
> I've been tasked with updating my app to use CDN hosted video content that needs to be secured behind the existing authentication process.
> 
> From what I've seen, if I want to secure the CDN content I need the user to authenticate twice (once for the app, once for the content), or convert my existing authentication to use whatever method the CDN provider supports. I feel like I'm missing something obvious because I can't see many clients paying to reimplement authentication because they want to host some video content...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 15 Mar 2021 09:46:16 GMT

__@g.asci__ says 
> I decided to use electron in the end 🙂
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Mon, 15 Mar 2021 15:49:25 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> FYI anything that depends on BinTray/jCenter will probably fail to build right now: <https://status.bintray.com/>
> 
