## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 12 Mar 2021 08:37:48 GMT

[User count: 4401](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Thu, 11 Mar 2021 19:56:52 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> ```new HtmlWebpackPartialsPlugin({
>       path: path.join(__dirname, './www/src/views/partials/appTemplate.html'),
>       location: 'appTemplate',
>       priority: 'replace',
>       template_filename: '*',
>       options: {
>           fileName: ???????
>     }),```
> Is there a way I can fill this property `fileName` dynamically? depending upon what file I pass through it? This is a Webpack plugin for injecting partial HTML content into templates.
> 
> <https://github.com/colbyfayock/html-webpack-partials-plugin>
> 

Thu, 11 Mar 2021 20:47:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> &gt; depending upon what file I pass through it? 
> How do you pass a file through it?
> 

Thu, 11 Mar 2021 20:49:32 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> webpack config are just node scripts, so you can do some logic like choose a template file based on an environment variable or something, but if you're trying to dynamically choose the filename based on the file that webpack is processing, then I'm not sure what your options are.
> 

Fri, 12 Mar 2021 03:28:01 GMT

__@noah.cooper__ says 
> what’s the right hook to use if i want to do something right before `pod install` is run for a plugin? before_plugin_install?
> 

Fri, 12 Mar 2021 03:28:16 GMT

__@noah.cooper__ says 
> i’m trying to change something in Podfile but not sure where in the lifecycle that makes sense
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Fri, 12 Mar 2021 01:44:08 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> I'm currently trying to solve an issue where my app will navigate to a deeplink every time you resume the app.
> 
> e.g.
> 1. Open app via deeplink, app will navigate to the appropriate location
> 2. Put app in background
> 3. Bring app back to foreground
> 4. The app will navigate back to wherever the deeplink from step 1 linked to
> 

Fri, 12 Mar 2021 01:45:26 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> This happens on every `resume`  event
> 

Fri, 12 Mar 2021 01:46:43 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> There doesn't seem to be an obvious way to recognise how the app has been opened, i.e. did I open it via a deeplink, did I just open it from the foreground myself, etc
> 

Fri, 12 Mar 2021 01:52:22 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Ideally I'd just be able to flush whatever part of the app is holding onto that deeplink info
> 
