## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 01 Sep 2021 08:21:02 GMT

[User count: 4604](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 31 Aug 2021 12:02:51 GMT

__@sinan.demir__ says 
> I created a new fork from cordova-ios.
> 
> "<https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64364921>"
> 
> I followed the steps mentioned in the link. The redirect was successful.
> 
> But I got "XMLHttpRequest" errors. Then I installed the "<https://github.com/globules-io/cordova-plugin-ios-xhr>" plugin.
> 
> I added the following settings to config.xml;
> `&lt;preference name="NativeXHRLogging" value="full" /&gt;`
> `&lt;preference name="AllowUntrustedCerts" value="true" /&gt;`
> `&lt;preference name="InterceptRemoteRequests" value="all" /&gt;`
> `&lt;preference name="allowFileAccessFromFileURLs" value="true" /&gt;`
> `&lt;preference name="allowUniversalAccessFromFileURLs" value="true" /&gt;`
> 
> Everything is back to normal. Thank you so much.
> 

Tue, 31 Aug 2021 18:30:42 GMT

__@dkirschner43__ says 
> Hello
> My site has google analytics in in when i run the Cordova app on iOS i do not get the analytics but when i run the site it shows up.  Any ideas?  Do i really need to install the google analytics plugin?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 31 Aug 2021 18:00:11 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> Every see this message?  I just updated my cordova android to the latest and when I build I get this error message
> 
> 
> * Where:
> Script 'C:\Users\Patrick\Documents\Projects\TheEquestrian\EquestrianApp\Equestrian App\platforms\android\CordovaLib\cordova.gradle' line: 75
> 
> * What went wrong:
> A problem occurred evaluating script.
> &gt; No usable Android build tools found. Highest 30.x installed version is 30.0.0; minimum version required is 30.0.3.
> 

Tue, 31 Aug 2021 18:06:54 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> You need to install build-tools 30.0.3.
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 01 Sep 2021 04:44:32 GMT

__@saurabhbehra5__ says 
> How to use animated splashScreen in cordova SPA  ?
> 

### __Channel #css__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 31 Aug 2021 17:59:38 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> @patrick662 has left the channel
> 
