## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 25 Jun 2021 08:20:57 GMT

[User count: 4533](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 24 Jun 2021 08:51:59 GMT

__@nke__ says 
> Hi there, I am new to Cordova and hope someone can help me out. I am developing an application using the  Quasar framework and want to run it as an app by using Cordova.
> 
> The app is running very well, but I need the (vertical) scrollbar to be hidden.
> 
> I have implemented CSS stylings to hide the scrollbar. This works when I view it in a normal browser.
> But as soon as I run it on the iOS emulator by using Cordova there is still a very thin scrollbar on the right side of the screen as soon as I start to scroll.
> 
> How do I get rid of it?
> 

Thu, 24 Jun 2021 14:05:16 GMT

__@rishabh.1056__ says 
> Hi guys, I'm a Developer Advocate and wanted to get in touch with the admins/mods of this channel regarding some community related stuff if possible.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 24 Jun 2021 14:05:42 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks, I get a flash of the DOM content when making a video fullscreen. If you watch the "HEADER" text at the top of the screen in this video, you will see a brief flash just before the video goes fullscreen. It's right around the 3s mark. If the flash seems slight or insignificant, that's because this was recorded using a sample app with a relatively light DOM. The app where this problem happens has a much heavier DOM and the problem is much more pronounced there. You can download the sample app showing the bug <https://github.com/CodeWithOz/cordova-bad-web-workers/actions/runs/968151594|here> (the build artifact at the bottom of the page). Tap the video to start playing it, then just wait for 2-3 seconds and it will become fullscreen. You should see the "HEADER" text flash just before the video becomes fullscreen. Has anyone seen something like this before and/or have ideas about how to solve it? Thanks!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 24 Jun 2021 12:37:31 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> Hi Guys, I've been building an appx for the windows store.
> Turns out the previous data stored in appdata isn't deleted when you uninstall the app through windows. I checked the electron documentation and could only find ways to remove data in nsis packages.
> Is there any way to delete data or run a function when program is being uninstalled so I can clean the appdata by code for appx packages?
> 
