## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 07 Oct 2021 08:21:13 GMT

[User count: 4645](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 10:16:31 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Yeah after some testing with an internal beta looks like adding this new cert hash fixes the issue
> 
> *EDIT:* So to clarify this is not related to Android 12 at all AFAIK
> 

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 13:02:35 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> after updating to  cordova android 9.10 (from 8 ) i can't connect to my server anymore:
> 
> in the android logs i see:
> 
> `SystemWebViewClient: URL blocked by whitelist: <https://app.mydomain.com/>`
> 
> but i added this to the config.xml:
> &lt;access origin="<https://app.mydomain.com/*>"/&gt;
> 
>  cordova-plugin-whitelist@1.3.4 is installed
> 

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 14:20:04 GMT

__@jakob.pfab__ says 
> ok re-installing whitelist plugin fixed it for me
> 

### __Channel #cordova-electron__ _(5 messages)_
---

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 11:25:29 GMT

__@miroslav.vojtus__ says 
> @erisu
> Well I rather think about logging for remote issue analysis. Lets say we release our app to 1000 users and some face some issue. We need to collect as much diagnostic data as possible. Logs are common diagnostic data.
> In regards of which parts of application parts we expect to be loggable I would say that all (cordova bootsrap procedure, main process, render process, plugin code)
> 

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 11:26:32 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> <https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/api/crash-reporter/>
> So you trying to do something like this?
> 

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 12:04:51 GMT

__@miroslav.vojtus__ says 
> thanx for the note 🙂
> But when in cordova context I should run the start? I assume that I should replace the main process with the merges and call the start as one of first commands as recommended by docs.
> On the other hand this does not capture application errors which does not cause crash. I assume that I have to facilitate custom logging on our own for those.
> 

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 12:44:10 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> well for now, I suspect you will need to replace the main process to get by this..
> 
> Ideally like I mentioned before.
> 
> ```const loadedPlugins = {};
> if (cordova &amp;&amp; cordova.services &amp;&amp; cordova.services[serviceName]) {
>   cordova.services.forEach(service =&gt; {
>     loadedPlugins[serviceName] = require(cordova.services[serviceName]);
>   })
> }```
> I am thinking about placing this at the top of the file so it would give plugins the ability to run the plugin init at the earliest.
> 

Wed, 06 Oct 2021 12:45:32 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> so if it was written in a plugin style.. it would be possible to run;
> ```const { crashReporter } = require('electron')
> 
> crashReporter.start({ submitURL: '<https://your-domain.com/url-to-submit>' })```
> as part of init...
> 
