## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 08 Jan 2021 08:53:23 GMT

[User count: 4309](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 09:50:15 GMT

__@pratiksha.bhavsar0895__ says 
> Heya Team , cordova app creates/updates platform/android and platform/ios after every build command. Is there any way to send value from cordova's www/html file to platform/android or platform/ios controllers ? i.e passing values from html to generated native code as we need to setup communication between cordova code &amp; platforms generated code. Please let me know if there is any solution as such. Thanks &amp; Kind Regards,Pratiksha. :)
> 

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 10:50:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Sounds like you want to write a cordova plugin. You can't go directly from html to native, but there is a JS api that allows you to send serializable data (ie strings) to native. Of course, the JS can also read from the the DOM to pull that data from html.
> 
> I'd recommend starting here: <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/hybrid/plugins/index.html>
> 

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 16:27:37 GMT

__@noah.cooper__ says 
> is there any creative way for a plugin to have a variable that is a boolean used in `Info.plist`, e.g.
> 
> ```&lt;config-file parent="FacebookAutoLogAppEventsEnabled" target="*-Info.plist"&gt;
>   &lt;$FACEBOOK_AUTO_LOG_EVENTS /&gt;
> &lt;/config-file&gt;```
> ^ doesn’t work
> 

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 16:35:21 GMT

__@noah.cooper__ says 
> i kind of assumed variable replacement by cordova was just a straight string replacement, but i guess not?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(4 messages)_
---

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 11:39:19 GMT

__@ricardosohn__ says 
> Does anyone know what to do about the ITP issues on iOS 14?
> One screen of my app has an iframe inside a view, that loads content (with auth cookies).
> The content only loads if I set the '*NSCrossWebsiteTrackingUsageDescription'* and go to the settings and enabling '*Allow Cross-Website Tracking*'.
> I dont know the URLS in build time, since they are client-specific.
> Any ideas on how to handle this?
> 

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 14:27:50 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> Is there a known memory leak in `cordova-plugin-camera` for ios?
> The app crashes when opening the camera again after taking a lot of photos. But if it's working on a device with more RAM, it doesn't crash.
> 

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 23:01:24 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> oooooo <https://github.com/WebKit/WebKit/commit/ff60f0a9b3a455b56adb95dbab14d404cb024152>
> 

Thu, 07 Jan 2021 23:06:37 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Maybe they can be convinced to use the app name for the geolocation and device orientation prompts as well and then we won't need to have plugins...
> 
