## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 13 Jan 2021 09:05:04 GMT

[User count: 4322](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(14 messages)_
---

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 13:21:43 GMT

__@mario.kurzweil__ says 
> I’m getting the following error message after I tried to build the android version (cordova 10, cordova-android: 9.0):
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 13:26:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> android (and thus cordova) requires JDK 8, it won't work with anything higher.
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 13:26:48 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> android tooling programs like hte sdk or avd manager doesn't work on anything higher than JDK8
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 16:07:30 GMT

__@jtorres.consulta__ says 
> Greetings to all !
> 
> I have compiled an app that runs some sounds in background mode. For this I have used the plugin "cordova-plugin-background-mode".
> 
> When I have compiled with IOS SDK 11 the sound runs when the app is minimized or the phone is suspended.
> When I have compiled with the IOS SDK 13 the sound does not play minimized or suspended.
> 
> Do you have any idea how to solve this? *Thank you* very much for the clue.
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 18:07:19 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> Hello everybody. When i compile by Cordova project (cordova platform add ios).  The generated XCode project has always 3 empty parts : Signing team (automatic) debug/release, and Swift version in build settings. Do you know please if i can choose them in config.xml or in any batch please ? Best regards. Alex
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 18:08:51 GMT

__@alex678__ says 
> 
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 21:30:24 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You can set Swift Version in config.xml: `&lt;preference name="SwiftVersion" value="5.0" /&gt;`
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 21:31:08 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> The signing team can be specified in build.json: <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/platforms/ios/index.html#using-buildjson>
> 

Wed, 13 Jan 2021 01:09:47 GMT

__@jberman__ says 
> Hey guys, I’m having trouble debugging some dynamically loaded JavaScript code in my Cordova app. Web Inspector only shows gray breakpoints instead of blue, for every line except the first one. The JS code is stored in a string and is loaded like this:
> ```var jsCode; // This has a bunch of working JS code in it
> jsCode += "\n//# sourceURL=myCode.js"; // Make it show up in Web Inspector as `myCode.js`
> var el = document.createElement("script");
> el.type = "text/javascript";
> el.appendChild(document.createTextNode(jsCode));
> document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(js);```
> When it loads, it shows up in Web Inspector, but only the first line can have a breakpoint. Any ideas? Thanks!
> 

Wed, 13 Jan 2021 01:46:46 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> My best guess is `jsCode += "\n//# sourceURL=myCode.js"` line is messing it up -- maybe it think's there is a sourcemap. I'd try commenting/removing that line to see if it fixes your breakpoints.
> 

Wed, 13 Jan 2021 01:47:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> That behaviour usually is a sourcemap issue
> 

Wed, 13 Jan 2021 05:20:35 GMT

__@jberman__ says 
> Oh really? But removing that line prevents it from showing up in the _Sources_ tab in the Web Inspector. Maybe my simplified code didn’t make it clear… variable `jsCode` is a string containing the JavaScript code I’d like to run. Rather than running it in an `eval` I’m sticking it inside a script element and adding it to the DOM. I thought for those types of situations, the appropriate way to debug was to add a `//# sourceURL` tag. No?
> 

Wed, 13 Jan 2021 07:24:58 GMT

__@jahon.080879__ says 
> Hello Guys
> 

Wed, 13 Jan 2021 07:25:22 GMT

__@jahon.080879__ says 
> Anyone please could you help me to integrate java code into cordova app
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 12:22:05 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> I'm not sure I made clear what I'm trying to achieve
> 

Tue, 12 Jan 2021 21:18:24 GMT

__@tvanzanten__ says 
> Hi everyone,
> 
> I have a question about sharing and running example Cordova iOS projects that demonstrate a bug you are experiencing. This is a simple task on Android since you can compile and run the Cordova app in debug mode by running `cordova run android`. However, on iOS in order to run a development build you need to generate the necessary signing keys to match the id of the app (i.e. `<http://com.example.app|com.example.app>`) which can be a tedious process. So my question is how do maintainers of `cordova-ios` (or anyone else for that matter) run the example projects submitted by a community member to demonstrate a bug?
> 
> i.e. the example project that is linked in this comment
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-ios/issues/1033#issuecomment-746947594>
> 

### __Channel #jobs__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 13 Jan 2021 04:29:14 GMT

__@yash.technoinovation__ says 
> hey everyone . We need some help for maintaining cordova-contact-plugin. if anyone available  please dm me.
> 
