## Cordova Slack Digest
Mon, 13 Sep 2021 08:21:04 GMT

[User count: 4618](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Sun, 12 Sep 2021 14:44:22 GMT

__@dkirschner43__ says 
> and also if I told facebook the app was for web it asks for the web address.  What would i put there?
> 

Sun, 12 Sep 2021 16:47:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If a third-party API uses domains to verify authentication, it probably won't work in a cordova app, as there is no domain, at least not in a traditional sense. Facebook should have native iOS / Android SDK in which you can either find an existing plugin or create your own plugin that interfaces with their native SDK. Usually authorizations are tied to the bundle id instead of the domain.
> 

Mon, 13 Sep 2021 00:20:53 GMT

__@dkirschner43__ says 
> thanks @norman137 that leads me to
> <https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/guides/advertising-tracking-enabled>
> is there a function (i assume cordava changes it to swift) that starts cordova so i can set this value to true for testing
> like swift on start run cordova
> some where i can interject that code
> 

Mon, 13 Sep 2021 00:24:12 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're building your own plugin... you can program plugins in swift but I'm not familiar with swift at all.
> 
> But your plugin class that extends `CDVPlugin` will have a `pluginInitialize` method that you can implement, which is ideal for startup code.
> 

Mon, 13 Sep 2021 05:47:48 GMT

__@iongion__ says 
> Hi, new to cordova, trying to understand, only planning to use it for desktop, I plan to build a websites aggregator, would like have an UI just like slack, a sidebar on the left and content view on the right where I want to display a web browser view where I can load gmail, yahoo, etc
> 
> Is this possible ?
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Sun, 12 Sep 2021 13:52:59 GMT

__@hilah1999__ says 
> I designed my app, on safari it looks good, and then when I compile in Xcode and see the app on the device there are a lot of different things, does anyone know why this happens? And how can I fix it?
> 

Sun, 12 Sep 2021 14:12:51 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Apps have access to the WKWebView, and while Safari is based on the WKWebView, it doesn't mean they have access to the exact same version of the WKWebView. So subtle differences are generally attributed to this.
> 
> Larger differences are generally attributed to an environment. Traditional environments include loading web pages from an external remote web server, verified by a domain and the web browser makes a lot of assumptions for this kind of environment. Cordova obviously generally runs the files from the file system, either directly through the file system or more commonly now through scheme handler. Not everything translates well.
> 
> The question is kinda broad, but the first step to debugging these kind of issues is by looking at the Safari web inspector. Depending on the iOS version you're debugging, you may have to use the Safari Tech Preview for a usable inspector.
> 

Sun, 12 Sep 2021 14:17:10 GMT

__@gh__ says 
> If you don't have a Mac to debug with, try using <https://inspect.dev/|Inspect.dev>
> 
