## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 17 Mar 2021 08:35:49 GMT

[User count: 4407](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 17 Mar 2021 06:01:54 GMT

__@abul.asar22__ says 
> Hello everyone, I am facing some issue related to iOS 14. Some element in my app like `datepicker` are opening within half of the page. It is working with other iOS , web and android device. But not with this iphone max  of iOS 14 version. It is also not working on iOS 14 safari.
> Is there specific bug related to this ?
> 

Wed, 17 Mar 2021 06:37:02 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> If it's broken in iOS Safari, that's going to be a WebKit issue, not a Cordova issue
> 

Wed, 17 Mar 2021 08:20:13 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> @abul.asar22 You can try using a native plugin such as: <https://github.com/VitaliiBlagodir/cordova-plugin-datepicker>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(29 messages)_
---

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 10:57:45 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> hello
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 10:58:05 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> let's say we have this js `async function getStuff(){`
>     `let promise = new Promise((res, rej) =&gt; {`
>         `myPlugin.getStuff(function(success){`
>             `res(success)`
>         `});`
>     `});`
>   `return promise;`
> `}`
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 10:58:40 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> `CDVPluginResult *result = [CDVPluginResult resultWithStatus:CDVCommandStatus_OK messageAsString:jsonString];`
>   [`*self*.commandDelegate sendPluginResult:result callbackId:command.callbackId];` does nothing
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 10:58:49 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> inside the plugin method i mean
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 10:59:00 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> the plugin method just gets called infinitely
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 10:59:21 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> any thoughts on how to resolve a promise from my plugin method ?
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:00:19 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Do you actually call the native counterpart? Your JS always calls the JS method. Never the native one via `cordova.exec`
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:02:00 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> ```    MyPlugin.getStuff = function () {
>         return new Promise(function (resolve, reject) {
>             cordova.exec(resolve, reject, 'MyPlugin', 'nativeGetStuff', []);
>         });
>     };```
> it should look something like that
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:04:23 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> it does call the native
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:04:34 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> i just have no idea how to actually respond to the js promise
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:04:39 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> so it keeps coming
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:07:49 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> let me describe it a bit better
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:07:59 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> so i have Plugin.js which essentially contains the cordova exec
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:08:25 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> then another js which has the promise mentioned above
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:08:38 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> then in my Plugin.m i implemented the method, which does indeed get called
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:09:07 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> problem is, I'm supposed to return something to the promise but instead it seems that my .m method just gets called forever
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 11:09:46 GMT

__@lonestarx91__ says 
> all clear now @timbru ?
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 13:32:19 GMT

__@timbru__ says 
> Kinda, but it would be better if you can share the code snippets.
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:09:17 GMT

__@marcos__ says 
> Hello channel.
> 
> We will comment on the problem we are having to see if you can help us. We hope to be writing in the right place.
> 
> We have not been able to upload new versions of our app to the apple Store for about a month because the team of reviewers constantly rejects the app.
> 
> His message is as follows:
> ```Your app implements the App Tracking Transparency framework, which is used when apps collect data about users and share it with third-parties for tracking purposes. Since Kids Category apps are not allowed to collect, transmit or share identifiable information with third-parties, you should not implement App Tracking Transparency in your app.```
> We have appealed your response by commenting on the following:
> ```Following your messages, we have carefully reviewed our application and removed any possible reference to App Tracking Transparency. Specifically, we have done the following steps:
> - Completely remove the Cordova Adjust Framework
> - Check our xCode project in search of any reference to it and eliminated everything found
> - Checked the .ipa file in case there could be something left.
> - We check our code to find App Tracking Transparency framework calls with:
> - "grep" search in our code.
> - "grep" search in our build.
> - "otool" search in our IPA.
> - Search in our Xcode configuration.
> - Analyze our request with Charles Proxy.
> And we don't found any reference to Adjust or App Tracking Transparency (ATT).
> We are pretty sure we do not use App Tracking Transparency and we follow all the policies for Kids Category apps.```
> 
> Finally they have answered us this:
> 
> ```We understand that you might not find any reference to Adjust or App Tracking Transparency. However, it might be appropriate to partner with Apache Cordova to help you troubleshoot the issue regarding this framework.```
> We no longer know what else we can do to break this loop of rejections.
> 
> Any help is welcome.
> Thanks!!
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:11:37 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Cordova itself doesn't have anything like that as far as I'm aware. One of my apps is in the Kids section of the store and our biggest issue was needing to remove hyperlinked emails/URLs in our privacy policy
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:11:49 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> What plugins do you have installed?
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:14:46 GMT

__@marcos__ says 
> Hi @dpogue Thank you for your answer
> 
> All the problems started after we installed the Adjust Cordova Framework.
> 
> But today we have removed this plugin and we have checked that there is no reference to it
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:15:41 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> How did you remove it? `cordova plugin rm` in your existing project?
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:17:27 GMT

__@marcos__ says 
> Yes, I copy-paste the steps we have followed:
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:17:37 GMT

__@marcos__ says 
> - Completely remove the Cordova Adjust Framework
> - Check our xCode project in search of any reference to it and eliminated everything found
> - Checked the .ipa file in case there could be something left.
> - We check our code to find App Tracking Transparency framework calls with:
> - "grep" search in our code.
> - "grep" search in our build.
> - "otool" search in our IPA.
> - Search in our Xcode configuration.
> - Analyze our request with Charles Proxy.
> And we don't found any reference to Adjust or App Tracking Transparency (ATT).
> We are pretty sure we do not use App Tracking Transparency and we follow all the policies for Kids Category apps.
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:19:28 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I would double check the Xcode project to make sure all of these were completely removed: <https://github.com/adjust/cordova_sdk/blob/master/plugin.xml#L85-L91>
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:19:44 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> `cordova plugin rm &lt;pluginname&gt;` isn't always good about cleaning up
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:22:44 GMT

__@marcos__ says 
> Okay, dpogue.
> We are going to do this double check to make sure there is nothing left
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:23:07 GMT

__@marcos__ says 
> As soon as we review it, we will tell you news. Thanks!!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(4 messages)_
---

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 20:05:51 GMT

__@sshipsey__ says 
> is there any documentation for how to use `build-extras.gradle` to have a cordova plugin write to the project-level `build.gradle`? i have a dependency that needs to be included in the project level build.gradle under
> ```buildscript {
>   dependencies {
>   }
> }```
> but can't figure out how to do it without manually editing the file, which seems very not cordova-esque
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 20:10:28 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> A plugin can have a gradle file that gets added to the build:
> `&lt;framework src="src/android/myscript.gradle" custom="true" type="gradleReference" /&gt;`
> 

Tue, 16 Mar 2021 20:10:41 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> and that gradle file can define buildscript dependencies
> 

Wed, 17 Mar 2021 08:24:01 GMT

__@antonio.acuna__ says 
> Someone notice problems playing videos? In our app, the first video after splash screen just play with sound but not render until the user interact with the screen (touch or something like that)
> 
