## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 13 Feb 2021 08:33:38 GMT

[User count: 4367](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 10:17:45 GMT

__@garycuetara__ says 
> Hello! I am new to cordova development and I am working on a windos + android app that I need to be able to compile and publish to s3 in order to use electron-builder autoupload. I have made a stack-overflow post since I seem to not be able to do as needed: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/66157182/cordova-electron-publish-to-s3> I don't know if anyone knows any way to do it. Thanks!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(7 messages)_
---

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 20:28:30 GMT

__@mattdsteele__ says 
> Hi all! 👋
> 
> Has anyone built a Cordova app that run as a homescreen launcher (e.g. it has the `android.intent.category.HOME` category), and which also can be launched via a custom URL scheme (e.g. `com.foo.bar://`)? I am having a hard time getting the two to play with each other.
> 
> For context, I'm trying to build a secured launcher that authenticates a user via an OAuth server, using Chrome Custom Tabs. Its redirect URI is a custom scheme which points back to the app. I can authenticate fine, but when it redirects, a second instance of my app gets started, and my original "launcher" instance moves to the background.
> 
> I've tried all sorts of combinations setting `taskMode` to `singleInstance`, `singleTop`, and lots of other combinations, and tried settings flags on the `CustomTabsIntent` but I've made no progress, an am beginning to think that I can't square that circle.
> 
> As a workaround, my current plan is to authenticate by launching a second app, which will perform the OAuth flow, and then immediately exit, returning the user back to the launcher. It's ugly, but I know I can retain only one instance of the app running this way. I'm really hoping there's a better way though!
> 

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 20:38:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Interesting problem, not something I've done before, but based on <https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/activity-element#lmode> it sounds like you either want `singleTask` or `singleInstance` as a launch mode
> 

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 20:40:54 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I wonder if because it's running as a launcher, there's no concept of a "task" for it
> 

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 20:41:29 GMT

__@mattdsteele__ says 
> Yup; I've tried both, but neither works quite how I want. `singleInstance` for example, the Custom Tab "breaks out" of the launcher activity, and ends up sticking around in the Task Switcher, which we don't want
> 

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 20:42:57 GMT

__@mattdsteele__ says 
> @dpogue Yeah I'm not sure! Currently I'm cobbling things together using a variety of plugins (essentially following the pattern in <https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/cordova>) but I'm also going to try using `cordova-plugin-oauth` to see if it's an implementation issue)
> 

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 20:43:47 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Feel free to ping me if you run into issues with cordova-plugin-oauth 😉
> 

Fri, 12 Feb 2021 22:28:02 GMT

__@mattdsteele__ says 
> @dpogue Tried switching to `cordova-plugin-oauth` but unfortunately I ran into the same issue 😕 Once my app is setup as an Android launcher, the auth redirect initializes a new instance my my app (if I'm setup as `singleTask` or `singleInstance`), or it leaves the Custom Tab window in ths task switcher (if I'm using `singleActivity`).
> 
> I could package up the example app if you wanted to check it out, but I know this isn't really your problem to solve
> 
