## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 19 Mar 2021 08:38:04 GMT

[User count: 4411](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(10 messages)_
---

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 11:29:13 GMT

__@viking_m__ says 
> hello everyone 🙂 I am trying to add event to a calendar with this module cordova-plugin-calendar
> 

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 13:44:03 GMT

__@osaintilien55__ says 
> Is there a way that I can edit a certain path from a js file in my project through webpack config so that when I do npm run start, it can change whatever has `file:///android_asset/www/dist/web-worker-indexDB.js` to a path appropriate for computer browser.
> 

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 21:32:33 GMT

__@jrondon__ says 
> hello good, I'm working on an app that compile with phonegap which I'm migrating everything to cordova, execute and compile with cordova 10.0.0 from which I can't sign it.
> 

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 22:41:53 GMT

__@michael.a.oshea__ says 
> Hi all.
> 
> New member on the Slack 🙂
> 
> On the Cordova site, I only see support for Android up to 10 (API lvl 29) :  <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/10.x/guide/platforms/android/index.html#page-toc-source>
> 
> Could someone tell me if there are plans to release a version of Cordova for Android 11 (API lvl 30) ?
> 
> Thanks for any information.
> 

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 22:46:43 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Latest Cordova should _work_ with API 30
> 

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 22:47:05 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> If it doesn't, please let us know
> 

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 22:47:23 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> and apps built with Cordova definitely work on newer versions of Android
> 

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 22:54:46 GMT

__@michael.a.oshea__ says 
> thanks!
> 

Fri, 19 Mar 2021 06:51:49 GMT

__@mattd6173__ says 
> java jdk and android sdk is in environment var but why is it still getting error
> 

Fri, 19 Mar 2021 06:52:50 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> It says you have Java JDK 16 installed. Install the JDK version 1.8.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 18 Mar 2021 18:49:49 GMT

__@mattwenner1__ says 
> Has anyone ran into an issue where your ios app has an iframe(it contains a youtube video or embedded image) and it automatically opens that url in a browser?  It is not occurring in android. (which is the behavior I want).  Once I switch back the the app, it functions properly.  It’s just on the initial load when in my case React renders that component
> 
