## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 19 Jan 2022 08:21:09 GMT

[User count: 4683](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jan 2022 22:24:37 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> Can I use code I transpile to es2015 with Cordova? I seem to recall I tried that and it didn't work...?
> 

Tue, 18 Jan 2022 22:27:51 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Depends on the device you're running on, and what its WebView supports
> 

Tue, 18 Jan 2022 22:42:41 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> OK, I'll give it a try and see if it works...
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 18 Jan 2022 15:06:09 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> My app's main html document fails to load in the webview. So when the app is started, both the `&lt;head&gt;` and `&lt;body&gt;` tags are empty. The app's html is literally just
> ```&lt;html&gt;
>   &lt;head&gt;&lt;/head&gt;
>   &lt;body&gt;&lt;/body&gt;
> &lt;/html&gt;```
> Ive been using the ionic webview plugin so I tried not using it, and the files loaded, though all using the `file://` scheme, which is not surprising. The question though is why don't they load when I use the ionic webview plugin? I've tried customizing the scheme and using the default `<ionic://localhost>`, without any luck. It always shows `The resource was requested insecurely` for the main html file, and nothing else loads. I'm using cordova iOS 6.2.0 and cordova cli 11. Open to any ideas, thank you!
> 

Tue, 18 Jan 2022 15:08:53 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> is the HTML document local to the device (e.g. bundled with your app)?
> 

Tue, 18 Jan 2022 15:09:48 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> the empty html sounds like it probably has `about:blank` loaded, due to the main html document not loading / refused to load
> 
