## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 14 Sep 2022 08:22:42 GMT

[User count: 4698](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 13 Sep 2022 18:19:37 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> Hi, any chance to release a new version of file-transfer-plugin?
> This plugin was deprecated in the past but since there is still no solution to downloading large files and storing them in the file system it is still needed.
> There are a few fixes in latest code in that repo that never got released...
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(3 messages)_
---

Tue, 13 Sep 2022 20:20:06 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> I'm trying to install the plugin-file-transfer from dev as I was told there is a fix for Android 11 and the latest iOS, but I'm getting the follow issue. Any suggestions on what I am doing wrong?
> 
> cordova plugin add <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-file-transfer.git>
> Failed to fetch plugin <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-file-transfer.git> via registry.
> Probably this is either a connection problem, or plugin spec is incorrect.
> Check your connection and plugin name/version/URL.
> CordovaError: Error: No git binary found in $PATH
> 

Tue, 13 Sep 2022 20:26:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cordova (well NPM) uses git to clone the repository if you're installing npm modules from git. Therefore you need to have git command line tools installed.
> 
> On mac/linux, this usually just involves having git installed. On windows, it might be an opt in feature to add git to your path during installation.
> 
> If you already do have git installed, regardless of your OS, you just need to make sure that the git executable folder is in your `PATH` environment variable.
> 

Tue, 13 Sep 2022 20:28:03 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Not sure what hte filepath may look like, on linux it's usually `/usr/local/bin`, which should already be in your `PATH`.
> 
> On Windows, it's probably `C:\Program Files\git` or `C:\Program Files (x86)\git` (you'll have to look)
> 
