## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 23 Mar 2022 08:27:01 GMT

[User count: 4687](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Tue, 22 Mar 2022 12:10:39 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks my usage description strings for permissions are not getting picked up in the final build. I'm referring to the likes of `NSMotionUsageDescription`` and `NSCameraUsageDescription` just as examples. I've tried setting them in multiple ways without any luck:
> - in the `config.xml` file:
>     ◦ using `&lt;config-file&gt;` 
>     ◦ using `&lt;edit-config&gt;`
> - using the `ios-camera-permissions` plugin (for `NSCameraUsageDescription`, `NSPhotoLibraryAddUsageDescription`, and `NSPhotoLibraryUsageDescription`)
> I'm not sure what else to try, or why this is happening. Does anyone have any ideas? Thanks.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(5 messages)_
---

Tue, 22 Mar 2022 10:20:43 GMT

__@leo.skrilax91__ says 
> Hi !
> I don't know if it's the correct channel for posting this question but i try to handle the keyboard on my app, i want to up the view when the keyboard appear, i tried the solution in this stack that say that the problem come from the fullscreen config of my app, so i have set FullScreen to false but no success: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57621998/android-keyboard-covers-the-view-but-only-in-fullscreen-mode?rq=1>
> The app is on Fullscreen even if i set it to false (top and bottom bar don't appear)
> 

Tue, 22 Mar 2022 13:06:08 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I think some status bar configuration may still set the view into fullscreen mode, such as a <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-statusbar/blob/02d4e10d8594e0964acde0502dc419ef0fe0a502/src/android/StatusBar.java#L241|transparent> status bar (e.g. overlaid status bar via `StatusBarOverlaysWebView`) which defaults to true.
> 
> So my educated guess is that you have the statusbar (or perhaps even another plugin) manipulating the view parameters.
> 

Tue, 22 Mar 2022 18:25:25 GMT

__@prasunjajodia__ says 
> Hi guys.
> I've been trying to resolve this issue for a while and it only happens on android 12.
> 
> I'm trying to move a captured video I got using `cordova-plugin-media-capture`.
> 
> When I use `fileEntry.moveTo(destFolder, name, success, error)`
> destFolder's nativeURL = `file:///data/user/0/com.test.app/video/`
> name = `test.mp4`
> FileEntry's nativeURL = `file:///storage/emulated/0/DCIM/Camera/VID_20220322_233311.mp4`
> 
> I get a FileError with code 9. But only on android 12. I created a file in the destination with arguments `{ create: true, exclusive: false }` so it can be overwritten. And it works on all android devices except android 12s.
> Any insight into anything I'm doing wrong?
> 

Tue, 22 Mar 2022 20:09:35 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you have been delaying getting off crosswalk like I have been, it's about time to migrate off. I've been seeing increasing crash reports on Android 12 / API 31 on one of my apps that is still using crosswalk.
> 

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 06:53:14 GMT

__@lukas__ says 
> Hi all, do you have a plugin recommendation for using a local webserver on Android (similar to WK Webview on iOS).
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(7 messages)_
---

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 07:47:36 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> Hi there,
> Would anyone be able to suggest a Cordova Plugin Documentation code that I could use for this type of implementation:
> 

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 07:49:19 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> I wanted to add a `tools:node="remove"` when a variable is defined "true".
> However, I don't know how I would be able to add the attribute `tools:note="remove"`, when and only if a variable is `"true"` .
> 

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 07:50:22 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> I tried something like this:
> 

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 07:50:25 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> 
> 

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 07:50:54 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> or
> 

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 07:50:58 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> 
> 

Wed, 23 Mar 2022 07:52:00 GMT

__@chadori__ says 
> But the prior causes the error, and the latter doesn't seem to make sense, not sure though.
> In any case, not even sure if `"merge"` is the neutralized version of `"remove"`.
> 
> Any suggestion?
> 
> Thank you!
> 
