## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 10 Sep 2022 08:21:54 GMT

[User count: 4698](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Fri, 09 Sep 2022 18:53:52 GMT

__@ironman4119__ says 
> Finding something strange in the iOS build procedure (after platform rm and then add). If I do not remove the www folder in root it keeps compiling the old version
> 
> Trying to solve and understand what is happening here.
> 
> Manual algorithm to assure that our code from src makes it to ios &amp; android at build time;
> 
> 1) cordova platform rm android ios
> 2) Remove the www folder form root (not form src)
> 3)   ./hooks/prepare-www-folder.sh
> 4)  cordova platform add android ios@latest
> 
> Only then code changes to /src/www/ makes it to ios/www or android/www
> 
> so:
> Now figured how to be 100% sure the code we modify is in the src/www
> 
> Concluding that deviceReady is firing by running the following test ;
> 
> (function initialize() {
>     import('./main.js')
>         .then(({ initAppBeforeDeviceReady }) =&gt; {
>             initAppBeforeDeviceReady();
>         })
>         .catch(err =&gt; {
>             document.addEventListener('deviceready', () =&gt; {
>                 alert('IT IS READY  ');
>             }, false);
> 
>             console.log(`error importing main.js:`, err);
>             alert(`error importing main.js: ${JSON.stringify(err)}`);
>         });
> })();
> 
> Tested including app directly, overriding main.js (error above) - same result and no err messages
> Conclusion; something is  wrong in textras.cordova.funcs.js (but no err's so far ... )  did not expect this to be that convoluted. I think the upgrades that solve UIWebView may have caused things to break down.
> 
> Any idea here? Thank you.
> 

Fri, 09 Sep 2022 19:07:35 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Cordova by default (and I dont know if this is actually configurable or not) will package everything under `&lt;cordova-project-root&gt;/www` as web assets for the application.
> 
> I think it may do copying steps during the `prepare` step so as long as you place your `www` files before cordova "prepares", your web assets should be packaged up.
> 
> Personally I use bash scripts to call on series of other steps like webpack or whatever to build the `www` assets which is done before I even call any cordova commands.
> 
