## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 05 Nov 2022 08:21:40 GMT

[User count: 4714](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 15:59:37 GMT

__@chris.khong__ says 
> I have a pretty weird issue with plugin cordova-plugin-camera-preview on Samsung Galaxy A13. The taken picture looks like this, like a part of the image gets duplicated. Anyone has experienced the same or have an idea where should I look into? I have spent weeks on this issue but couldn’t fix it.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(10 messages)_
---

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 08:48:31 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Thanks, I came to the same conclusion.
> P.S. Isn't it strange that after sending app to the background it's JS counter still works and can start playing MP3 when app is in the background? (It's kind of creepy when your phone start playing music by itself - run by one of many app in background)
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 13:38:34 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Android can allow apps to execute code in the background, including webviews, but they reserve the right to throttle CPU usage depending on resources available.
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 13:39:18 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> iOS I don't think gives you that privilege. I think it's possible to do background tasks, but they can't be done in the webview I'm pretty sure.
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 17:15:58 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> using cordova-android 10 or 11, is there a way to still create an .apk for easy side loading?   The .aab isn't as easy or I haven't found a simple guide for it.  🤓
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 17:20:57 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cordova build android -- --packageType=apk
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 17:21:08 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> note the intermediate `--`
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 17:21:30 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you're using windows cli, i think it needs to be in quotations, like `cordova build android "--" --packageType=apk`
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 17:23:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Alternatively you can also use `build.json` to set the `packageType` so you don't need to specify it in the CLI arguments. Examples can be found on <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/11.x/guide/platforms/android/index.html#using-buildjson>
> 

Fri, 04 Nov 2022 19:57:23 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> I upgraded my CLI to 11, android to 11, plugin-camera to 6.0, plugin-file to 7.0 and after picking a photo and comes back with a broken image link.  This use to work with older versions of the above.  :)
> 
> I'm basically using the code from the example on the cordova web site.  Really strange it cannot find it.  Any suggestions?
> <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/11.x/reference/cordova-plugin-camera/index.html>
> ```function displayImage(imgUri) {
> 
>     var elem = document.getElementById('imageFile');
>     elem.src = imgUri;
> }```
> 

Sat, 05 Nov 2022 00:10:29 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Since camera plugin returns a file url and cordova uses a https url you can’t load it anymore 
> 
