## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 24 Aug 2022 08:21:52 GMT

[User count: 4696](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(7 messages)_
---

Tue, 23 Aug 2022 14:28:26 GMT

__@little.grief__ says 
> howdy good people, I need a little clarification with something please... in response to the recent changes for Google Play Store submission requirements, I'm currently cleaning up 5 mobile apps, 1 of which is quite recent (last release used `cordova-android@10.1.2` and `cordova-ios@6.2.0`), while the other 4 are in dire need of upgrades (the oldest of which last used `cordova-android@8.1.0` and `cordova-ios@6.0.0`).
> 
> in order to tackle the process of upgrading all 4 apps to target Android 12, I opted to create an entirely new project using the current latest Ionic, Cordova, and Angular releases, thinking that _this_ should require the least overall changes. thing is, I'm now stuck at trying to sort out the splashscreen images for these apps... `cordova-res` has too many issues, it's replacement `capacitor-assets` warns that it "isn't quite ready for use", and based on that name, it might not even help me with this anyway.
> 
> in my search for more details, I found the following points:
> 
> - the <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-splashscreen#supported-platforms|"Supported Platforms" readme section> for `cordova-plugin-splashscreen` states "If using `cordova-android@11.x` or later and exclusively developing for Android, this plugin can be uninstalled."
> - then <https://github.com/apache/cordova-plugin-splashscreen/issues/299#issuecomment-711010934|Norman's comment on issue #299> states "If you're using `cordova-ios@6` then you should use the latest version of this plugin. If you're only developing for the iOS platform, then it's safe to remove this plugin."
> based on this information, I've been trying to get this project running with `cordova-android@11.0.0` and `cordova-ios@6.2.0` **without** using `cordova-plugin-splashscreen`, but now I'm stuck...
> 
> do we need to prepare these Android "splashscreen" and iOS "storyboard" images manually at the moment? do I still need `cordova-plugin-splashscreen` here? did I perhaps miss something else along the way?
> 

Tue, 23 Aug 2022 14:31:06 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> The splashscreen plugin code has been moved into cordova-ios and cordova-android in the latest versions of those platforms (since splashscreens are no longer optional on either of those platforms). So you shouldn't need the plugin anymore
> 

Tue, 23 Aug 2022 14:31:45 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> For iOS, everything in config.xml should keep working the same as before
> 

Tue, 23 Aug 2022 14:36:58 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> The iOS side of the splashscreen stuff happened in 6.0.0, so I think you would already have been running that code
> 

Tue, 23 Aug 2022 15:07:54 GMT

__@little.grief__ says 
> thanks @dpogue, good to know I'm at least on the right path with removing `cordova-plugin-splashscreen`..
> 
> as for the `cordova-ios@6` side of things, the most up-to-date application still contains 18 `&lt;splash&gt;` entries for the iOS platform, only one of which appears to be a "storyboard" image, generated as:
> 
> ```&lt;splash height="2732" src="resources/ios/splash/Default@2x~universal~anyany.png" width="2732" /&gt;```
> whereas the `config.xml` example in <https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/11.x/core/features/splashscreen/#example-configuration|the Cordova docs> show many more "universal" images:
> 
> ```&lt;platform name="ios"&gt;
>     &lt;splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~universal~anyany.png" /&gt;
>     &lt;splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~universal~comany.png" /&gt;
>     &lt;splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~universal~comcom.png" /&gt;
>     &lt;splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@3x~universal~anyany.png" /&gt;
>     &lt;splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@3x~universal~anycom.png" /&gt;
>     &lt;splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@3x~universal~comany.png" /&gt;
> &lt;/platform&gt;```
> does this mean the other 17 images are no longer relevant? I was under the impression that I wasn't "done" moving the iOS side over to storyboard launch images _yet_.
> 
> the same docs page shows an `xml` file for the Android config, but I haven't looked into making that yet.. is it possible to use a `png` for the `AndroidWindowSplashScreenAnimatedIcon` preference entry here? should this just be the largest `2732x2732` image then?
> 

Tue, 23 Aug 2022 15:12:53 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> I can't speak to the Android side, since I haven't used the new splashscreen code there, but on iOS you'll need to provide a storyboard image. I think as long as you provide a `@2x~universal~anyany.png` you'll be fine.
> All the other sizes are if you want specific images to show on landscape vs portrait and on different devices (iPhone and iPad)
> 

Tue, 23 Aug 2022 16:01:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> For iOS personally I just use a 2732x2732, you have to be careful not to utilise the entire space as they will be clipped off depending on the device, there is a "safe" space to use. I forget the explicit dimensions for the safe space, but my work graphic utilizes most of the "safe" space so you can use it for reference.
> 
> For android, the new android splashscreen stuff is... well bad imo. Android stripped you from a lot of control over the splashscreen. You can specify the background color of the splashscreen and supply an image. The allocated space for the image is a tiny bit larger than a typical app icon. The android docs shows the display pixel ratios and some images demonstrating the size: <https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/splash-screen#splash_screen_dimensions>
> 
