## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 15 Sep 2022 08:22:50 GMT

[User count: 4699](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(5 messages)_
---

Wed, 14 Sep 2022 13:32:56 GMT

__@yunus.simsek__ says 
> ```Hello,
> 
> I need to publish a Cordova app targeting Android 12 on Google Play.
> 
> I added the "android:exported="true"" field to all the plugin.xml documents in my project. I don't have a problem now.
> 
> But is there a way to manage this in config.xml?```
> 
> 

Wed, 14 Sep 2022 13:47:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> No.
> 
> All applications and libraries that contains activities needs to explicitly declare `android:exported`.
> 
> Cordova has done so for the activities it manages in it's own application and plugins, but for third-party plugins, they will need to be updated by the maintainers or forked if the maintainers are unwilling or unable to update their packages. If the third-party plugin contains prebuilt android archives (AAR files), they may also need to provide an updated AAR file that contains the explicitly declare `android:exported` field. This is something we can't control at the Cordova level.
> 

Wed, 14 Sep 2022 13:52:12 GMT

__@yunus.simsek__ says 
> Thanks for the answer.
> So do I overwhelm plugin.xml with config.xml?
> 

Wed, 14 Sep 2022 14:09:25 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you have to, because the plugin maintainers have stopped maintaining their plugin, I would fork their repository and make the necessarily changes to `plugin.xml`, then you can install your fork from git.
> 
> This is of course assuming that they are using a permissive license to do so.
> 

Thu, 15 Sep 2022 08:02:04 GMT

__@lukas__ says 
> Does someone know a simple plugin for local notifications? <https://github.com/katzer/cordova-plugin-local-notifications/> seems not to be maintained anymore and it is not working anymore when targeting Android 12.
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 14 Sep 2022 09:40:09 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> If you have updated Xcode to 14, make sure you open it once or git won't work
> 
