## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 20 Oct 2022 08:22:40 GMT

[User count: 4708](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 Oct 2022 16:00:21 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Apache Cordova and the people involved in it altruistically has saved tons of working hours and money to a lot of companies. I think that IT companies as a whole should have joined together and payed a fee to this team to make it work as a company with full-time developers. If we consider the the thousands of companies that have used and got money with Cordova-based projects this shold be less than mandatory.
> 

Wed, 19 Oct 2022 16:01:10 GMT

__@xavier.serra__ says 
> Great job. Thumbs up
> 

Wed, 19 Oct 2022 16:37:43 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Unfortunately there is a lot of rules around funding Apache foundation projects in that way. There are a lots of Apache rules regarding monetary donations, which I can't cite by memory but usually they can only go into operational costs (like purchasing CI credits). Actual development work is suppose to be volunteer based, not something that is funded.  Additionally there are challenges we face as Harel mentioned, even the PMC (Project Management Committee) users have to volunteer their time and there's only a handful of us to try to organise tickets, review PRs, let alone to even debug/investigate open issues. It's discouraging when you spend time preparing a PR for it to get lost in the noise, sometimes without absolutely zero response.
> 
> So if there is a genuine interest in helping the Cordova project, consider:
> - Donating your time in anyway you think is valuable. Whether that be creating PRs, reviewing PRs, help provide support to other users, or making improvements to documentation, etc.
> - Subscribing to the Dev Mailing list[1] and participate in any discussions that may appear.
> - PMC members are invited to those who are active in the community, who appear to have a genuine interest of being more involved in the development and management of the project, and have a public record in assisting the project in some way. If this describes you and you're interested in being a PMC member and want to get more involved, but haven't received an invite, then consider reaching out. If you want to learn more, Apache has some pages[2]
> [1] <https://cordova.apache.org/contact/>
> [2] <https://infra.apache.org/contributors.html>
> 

Wed, 19 Oct 2022 16:57:40 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Companies can’t donate to Apache projects and tell Apache to use that money to pay developers, but they can hire/donate/sponsor developers to work on Apache projects as Microsoft, ibm, google, Adobe, etc. did in the past
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 Oct 2022 18:14:00 GMT

__@skaloot__ says 
> @skaloot has left the channel
> 
