## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 09 Dec 2022 08:21:20 GMT

[User count: 4727](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 17:40:00 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> set the channel topic: Don't ask to ask, just ask. Also it is better to use <https://github.com/apache/cordova/discussions> so we have a persistent and searchable knowledgebase. This Slack instance is on the free tier (limited archives)
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(11 messages)_
---

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 17:37:35 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> I'm rebuilding my development machine completely because it seems my Android studio must be corrupted or something.   I would love to know what your development setup is to build with CLI11 and Android11
> 
> Gradle version
> Java version and which one, who you got it from
> Android Studio Verson or Build Date
> in Android Studio,
> 
> SDK Platforms
> Android SDK Build-Tools
> 
> any special settings in your config.xml for building
> 
> Thanks all 🤓
> 

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 17:39:40 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> set the channel topic: Don't ask to ask, just ask. Also it is better to use <https://github.com/apache/cordova/discussions> so we have a persistent and searchable knowledgebase. This Slack instance is on the free tier (limited archives)
> 

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 18:00:54 GMT

__@patrick662__ says 
> Are we moving from Slack to that github group for discussions then?  That would be great.
> 

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 18:07:26 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm still going to be around for the foreesable future in Slack especially since I use Slack for work, but there are 2 main problems with slack:
> 
> 1) It's tailored around private communities, such as workplace organizations. It doesn't inheritly support public communites. It requires workarounds to make that work for public communities.
> 2) Free tier of Slack limits search, so discussions tends to get lost, even if it could be helpful for other people.
> 
> Recently we got Apache to enable GitHub discussions for Cordova, we think it will be a better place for support/discussions as the threads will be permanently available and searchable, and all you need is a github account to participate, which most people using Cordova will likely already have.
> 

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 18:36:02 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> GitHub Discussions currently aren't highlighted anywhere (except here) as a place for questions, so I expect it might take a bit before they catch on. For now, maybe post your question there and then send a message here with the link so that they get a bit more traffic 😅
> 

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 18:36:35 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> We'll get links to them in release notes and README files and stuff as we do the next releases of things
> 

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 18:38:17 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Yah + i have like a years worth of Github issue responses with an invite link directing people here lol
> 

Thu, 08 Dec 2022 19:24:38 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> GitHub search is pretty bad
> 

Fri, 09 Dec 2022 02:48:38 GMT

__@shazron__ says 
> Seems to be improved in the past month <https://github.blog/changelog/2022-11-09-introducing-an-all-new-code-search-and-code-browsing-experience/> (at least that's my default, not sure if you need to join the waitlist)
> 

Fri, 09 Dec 2022 02:55:40 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> I mean it’s bad for issues and discussions, for code is a bit better
> 

Fri, 09 Dec 2022 02:56:57 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Wonder if the search is based off titles and not as much from the thread content.
> 
> I see scope creep within the threads as well, not just GH issues 😄
> 
> Title says one thing, discussions started out as such, and then split into multiple issues thats not related to original discussion.
> 
> If the search results were mostly based from the titles, it will then make finding information hard as pertinent Information is buried in wrong discussions thread.
> 
