## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 23 Apr 2022 08:21:21 GMT

[User count: 4688](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(9 messages)_
---

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 11:21:48 GMT

__@info300__ says 
> @norman137 / @erisu according to <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/pull/1410> can you tell me if we can push SDK 32, because all Google Pixel 4+  devices will not get updates from play store, because it must support API 12L and not only 11…
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 12:10:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I actually tested api 32 as well. With that PR, if you override android-targetSdkVersion and android-buildToolsVersion, you should be able to compile for API 32 just fine.
> 
> I don't know which plugins break though.
> 
> As far as publishing API 32, i know someone tried recently but failed with an error from Google saying that the target sdk must be lower than 32. Presumably because the sdk is still in beta. But honestly Google doesn't communicate on the requirements really well, so it might be worth testing again.
> 
> We do have plans to just bump to target sdk 32 if google allows deployments.
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 13:39:50 GMT

__@info300__ says 
> @norman137 what you mean with
> 
> &gt;  “We do have plans to just bump to target sdk 32 if google allows deployments.”
> ?
> 
> <https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platforms>
> 
> SDK 32 was already published… or?
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 13:55:31 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I'm going to explicitly test it but afaik I cna tell SDK 32 is still in a beta state and you can't publish apps using beta SDK versions.
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 14:28:12 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> The target sdk doesn’t determine which devices can install the app, all existing apps can be installed in any new android version google launches 
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 14:29:06 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You just can’t benefit from the new features, which doesn’t matter much to cordova developer unless you want to create a plugin for a new feature 
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 14:30:14 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> i confirmed you can upload API 32 targets, and deploy to at least hte test tracks
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 14:30:28 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> I don't actually want to test deploy an API 32 to the production track... lol
> 

Fri, 22 Apr 2022 14:31:07 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> 
> 
