## Cordova Slack Digest
Wed, 20 Jul 2022 08:22:21 GMT

[User count: 4694](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #plugins__ _(4 messages)_
---

Tue, 19 Jul 2022 18:49:49 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> ugh.  i haven't been on any of the cordova slack channels for over a year.  but I have to make some changes to my app, which required me to go to cordova 11.0.0 (cuz of Monterey).  I'm rebuilding my app, but plugins appear to be missing.  At first it was "cordova-plugin-firebase-analytics".  So I removed my platforms directory and had cordova install everything again.  Now things like cordova-plugin-native storage and cordova-plugin-media are missing.  I see an error like this.
> 
> *Failed to install 'cordova-plugin-media': CordovaError: Version of installed plugin: "cordova-plugin-file@7.0.0" does not satisfy dependency plugin requirement "cordova-plugin-file@^6.0.0". Try --force to use installed plugin as dependency.*
>   *at /usr/local/lib/node_modules/cordova/node_modules/cordova-lib/src/plugman/install.js:526:43*
>   *at processTicksAndRejections (internal/process/task_queues.js:97:5)*
> *Failed to restore plugin "cordova-plugin-media". You might need to try adding it again. Error: CordovaError: Version of installed plugin: "cordova-plugin-file@7.0.0" does not satisfy dependency plugin requirement "cordova-plugin-file@^6.0.0". Try --force to use installed plugin as dependency.*
> 
> even though I have this "cordova-plugin-file": "6.0.2".
> 
> Is there a known issue with plugins?  It seems random.  Not even sure why firebase one was missing the first time around and now it's there.
> 

Tue, 19 Jul 2022 18:52:36 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you're trying to install the latest version of cordova-plugin-media i think it requires cordova-plugin-file@7, but it looks like you have other plugins that requires cordova-plugin-file@6 so it's running into incompatibilies
> 

Tue, 19 Jul 2022 19:00:18 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> it's weird that cordova-native-storage isn't there either.  i don't even see it attempting to installing it
> 
> Installing "cordova-plugin-media" for android
> *Failed to install 'cordova-plugin-media': CordovaError: Version of installed plugin: "cordova-plugin-file@7.0.0" does not satisfy dependency plugin requirement "cordova-plugin-file@^6.0.0". Try --force to use installed plugin as dependency.*
>   *at /usr/local/lib/node_modules/cordova/node_modules/cordova-lib/src/plugman/install.js:526:43*
>   *at processTicksAndRejections (internal/process/task_queues.js:97:5)*
> *Failed to restore plugin "cordova-plugin-media". You might need to try adding it again. Error: CordovaError: Version of installed plugin: "cordova-plugin-file@7.0.0" does not satisfy dependency plugin requirement "cordova-plugin-file@^6.0.0". Try --force to use installed plugin as dependency.*
> Discovered plugin "cordova-plugin-safariviewcontroller". Adding it to the project
> 
> It should have been between
> ```"cordova-plugin-media": "5.0.3",
> "cordova-plugin-nativestorage": "2.3.2",
> "cordova-plugin-safariviewcontroller": "2.0.0",```
> Let me get the media one resolved and see if that helps.
> 

Tue, 19 Jul 2022 19:10:33 GMT

__@daviesd__ says 
> weird. ya, they all install after that. thanks!
> 
