## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 27 Oct 2022 08:21:58 GMT

[User count: 4709](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(8 messages)_
---

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 15:54:22 GMT

__@olegwin9__ says 
> Hi all. Is there any difference between release build via cordova cli or android studio? Can it somehow affect the ranking in the stores?
> 

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 16:01:38 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Cordova CLI uses gradle directly, Android Studio uses gradle behind the scenes. There shouldn't be any difference. The android native project is simply a gradle project, that can be opened in Android Studio.
> 
> However, there is a hard dependency between Android Studio version and AGP (Android Gradle Plugin) so Android Studio may not work with the dependency of AGP that Cordova uses. Likewise, opening the project in Android Studio may prompt you to update AGP which may include breaking changes that isn't compatible with Cordova.
> 
> &gt; Can it somehow affect the ranking in the stores?
> I'm unaware of any effects of this. I can't imagine the build system being a factor in rankings. As long as you're targeting a modern SDK level (current cordova-android supports up to Target SDK 32) and your app loads quickly (Produces no ANR warnings), and is otherwise has healthy installs/good reviews, I think these are the main factors in app rankings.
> 

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 16:12:01 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Interesting, I am using latest gradle 7.5.1 in CLI and also in latest Android Studio as external location. Recently Studio ask for  update of its own Android Gradle plugin from7.2.1 to 7.3.1 .
> Should I update and prices dependencies?
> 

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 16:12:56 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> you should not update AGP, there's a good chance it will include breaking changes (they don't follow standard semver rules so minor release can include breaking changes)
> 

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 16:16:27 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> there is a `AndroidGradlePluginVersion` preference that you can set in your `config.xml` to tell Cordova to use a different version of AGP, which is useful for testing/development of Cordova, but I don't recommend using an alternate version of AGP in production.
> 

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 17:16:34 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> Supposedly they use semver, so nothing should break until version 8
> 

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 17:18:52 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> huh, I guess they do now as of version 7
> 

Wed, 26 Oct 2022 19:06:05 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> I think they have always done it, for gradle itself, but not for the plugin. But now they align the plugin version with the gradle version.
> 
