## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 24 Nov 2022 08:21:32 GMT

[User count: 4720](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #random__ _(5 messages)_
---

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 17:26:38 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Question please. I can't find working Google maps plugin for Cordova so I like to try Capacitor. Is it safe to mix Cordova and Capacitor on one machine (as far as not changing Node or JDK versions) ? Or better to run it on VM?
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 17:37:45 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> You should be fine to have both installed on the same computer and use them for different projects. IIRC Capacitor doesn't install itself globally, it runs as a project dependency with `npx` (and you can use Cordova in the same way, which is probably a good option but our docs still tell you to install it globally)
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:12:39 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Thank you
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:49:13 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> You can have both on the same project as long as you had the cordova platforms added first
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:50:05 GMT

__@jcesarmobile__ says 
> cordova platform add will fail if you have capacitor platforms since they use ios/android folders and that confuses cordova 
> 

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 17:19:08 GMT

__@xinube__ says 
> Hey I'm probably yet another dev trying to update Cordova unsuccessfully.
> 
> I have this app built with angularjs 1.3, ionic1, targeting Android SDK 29 and need up it to 31 or 32.
> 
> I have followed ionic migration guide to adapt plug-ins, update node, Cordova, etc.
> But in build step I always come across errors with task ":app:processDebugGoogleServices". I've tried many random stackoverflow solutions that asked to update google services classpath in project level build.gradle but it never changes a thing.
> 
> I'm truly helpless, any advices?
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 17:20:57 GMT

__@xinube__ says 
> How are people not freaking out about this upgrade? As far as I know only android 12 new apps are only allowed to be uploaded now (?)
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 17:30:15 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If you have the full build error, we might be able to provide some insight or ideas on where to look.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(6 messages)_
---

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:04:52 GMT

__@fskaaret__ says 
> I saw Norman wrote on the Cordova-ios github (as answer to someone asking for a new release) that there will (probably) only be an ios release when there is a breaking change from Apple. But there are already some commits (like dependency updates and cleanups) made, for 7.0.0. Isn't it a risk that people get discoureged to contribute if fixes like this never gets released, a breaking change from Apple might take years? Dont you do like +.0.1 updates anymore? :)
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:20:01 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> &gt; that there will (probably) only be an ios release when there is a breaking change from Apple.
> I don't think I said that... I might have said something like unlike Android... Apple doesn't require annual updates requiring apps to be bumped an API level which often introduces breaking changes. Apple does require apps to be built with a recent version of the iOS sdk, using recent version of Xcode, but cordova-ios package was shipped when XCode 11 was the latest and it has continued to work without requiring major updates throughout all the xcode releases to date so far.
> 
> More specifically what I think I said is that cordova-ios is already pinned for a major release (that is the `master` branch package.json is currently marked for `7.0.0-dev`) so the next release **will** be a major release, and we will want to get as many breaking changes in as possible, like dropping dated node support like v10 and v12, etc. This is not necessarily tied to what Apple may or may not do in the future.
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:31:33 GMT

__@fskaaret__ says 
> Thanks! It was not any critisism btw. Just wanted to understand a bit how release cycles work. Obviously I might have misinterpreted your answer. Thanks for clarification!
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:40:06 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> All good.
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:47:03 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> FWIW I have someone working on a project that involves adding features to cordova-ios so I'm allocating some of my works resources to get a cordova-ios release ready, hopefully sooner than later.
> 

Wed, 23 Nov 2022 18:48:58 GMT

__@fskaaret__ says 
> Oh, cool. Nice to know!
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 24 Nov 2022 00:33:58 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> <https://developer.chrome.com/blog/viewport-resize-behavior/> but it seems like it shouldn't affect Cordova:
> &gt; These changes do not affect WebView
> 
