## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 08 Apr 2022 08:24:09 GMT

[User count: 4688](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(4 messages)_
---

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 15:59:21 GMT

__@jac.darby__ says 
> does `window['webkit'].messageHandlers.cordova_iab.postMessage()` work in android?
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 15:59:31 GMT

__@jac.darby__ says 
> Also hello everyone
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 15:59:53 GMT

__@jac.darby__ says 
> i just get a method not found error in chrome debugger
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 16:05:23 GMT

__@jac.darby__ says 
> oh ignore me i think
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 12:32:42 GMT

__@ndrake__ says 
> Does cordova-android  v10 officially support/work with targetSdk 31 yet?
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 12:41:33 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> No, that's coming in the next major release.
> 
> We are planning on doing one last patch release for v10, then we will start merging in v11 PRs in, including <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/pull/1410> which sets up the core to the point where it can at least run the Hello Cordova app.
> 
> If you like, you can test the PR against your own app, to determine what changes are needed in plugins to support API 31. There will be changes required in your environment including:
> 
> - Java 11 JDK is now required. Java 8 is no longer supported by the android tooling for API 31 tooling.
> - `cmdline-tools` needs to be installed from Android SDK tools, and your `PATH` variable updated accordingly. I tested using the current latest version, which is `6.0`. I'd advise against using the `latest` version, which always points to the latest version, which I assume may include breaking changes in the future.
> - Build tools 31.0.0 needs to be installed and your `PATH` variable updated accordingly.
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 12:44:16 GMT

__@ndrake__ says 
> Thank you for the info! I’ll try to get some time on our next sprint to start testing that PR with our apps.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(4 messages)_
---

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 23:30:47 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Apparently Apple is doing an iOS 15.5 (currently in beta) with some WebKit changes: <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/safari-release-notes/safari-15_5-release-notes>
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 23:31:09 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> The fix for WebGL stuff should be included
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 23:31:38 GMT

__@erisu__ says 
> Now if only things could be backtracked 😛
> 

Thu, 07 Apr 2022 23:32:39 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> Why would _anyone_ not be running the absolute latest version of iOS on the absolute newest iPhone? What's wrong with those people? 🙄 &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
> 
