## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 20 Jan 2022 08:21:12 GMT

[User count: 4685](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 17:57:09 GMT

__@harel.mazor__ says 
> Seems to be working :-) I probably tested it a while back when it wasn't as common as today or I had a different problem.
> 

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 18:00:28 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> If you're only using ES2015 features, you should be good on iOS 10+ and Android with an up-to-date WebView
> 

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 18:01:30 GMT

__@dpogue__ says 
> `&lt;script type="module"&gt;` and `imports`/`exports` is iOS 11+ (which is also the minimum supported by current Cordova)
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(2 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 14:07:33 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Is there a way to reliably disable the scroll bounce behavior on iOS? The css option (`overscroll-behavior`) isn't supported on safari, and I've tried setting the `DisallowOverscroll` preference to `false` without any luck. I've seen a number of js based solutions but they're hacky and I'd much rather avoid those if possible.
> 

Thu, 20 Jan 2022 00:20:31 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Still open to an answer to that ^^ but at the same time I have a related question: will overriding the `viewDidLoad` method for the webview require forking cordova-ios? Or can I use a `&lt;preference&gt;` in `config.xml` to set the `bounces` property to false on the webview? This idea is based on this <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49474826/how-to-disable-bouncing-effect-in-wkwebview>
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(7 messages)_
---

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 18:08:46 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hi everybody, I made an app which uses Youtube v3 api calls and have Api key written in JS file. I suppose its unsecure solution, so I am looking for a way how to secure Api Key. I am not very good in Js ... is there a easy to implement solution to protect  Api Key inside cordova?
> 

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 18:28:46 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Generally javascript API keys are protected by limiting to what domains can use the API key -- which is something that can't be done in cordova environments.
> 

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 18:29:53 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> If something is bundled with the app, you should assume it can be read.
> 

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 18:32:05 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> For that reason, For APIs that requires keys, you should find/build a plugin that interfaces with the native API and uses a native API key instead, which are generally protected by limiting the API key to be used only by the app/bundle id. So even if the API key is read, it can't be used by any app other than your own.
> 

Wed, 19 Jan 2022 23:43:21 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> ok, I think I saw something about limiting Api key to particular app only somewhere ... let see if I can set it up. Thank you Norman for pointing me to this direction
> 

Thu, 20 Jan 2022 00:53:29 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> Hey I'm having an issue with cordova android, basically a 3rd party script is breaking because the window.location is under HTTP and not HTTPS.
> 
> Is there a way to configure what protocol is used to load the webview?
> 

Thu, 20 Jan 2022 00:53:48 GMT

__@mathewp.94__ says 
> I guess you might need a self signed SSL cert to use HTTPS?
> 
