## Cordova Slack Digest
Sat, 21 May 2022 08:21:42 GMT

[User count: 4690](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(2 messages)_
---

Fri, 20 May 2022 23:40:51 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> Hello, one general queation please about GPS location and geofencing.
> 
> I am.using High Accuracy GPS location request in the appto determine if its in the radius of specific location.
> By Google developer pages is little bit strange
> *image* (the actual numbers seems to quite high by me)
> What is by your experience smallest reliable geofence radius to be used with High Accuracy GPS?
> 

Fri, 20 May 2022 23:46:21 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Those accuracy readings are pretty on par with what I see in my GPS heavy apps.
> 
> I don't use geofencing though, but on good healthy connections with high accuracy enabled, you can see up to a 5m accuracy reading. On unhealthy connections, I generally see anywheres between 30-50m accuracy readings.
> 
> The accuracy reading is a measurement, it has a 95% confidence that the true point is within accuracy meters radius of the given point. So in otherwords, if the accuracy reading is 5m, 95% chance that the user's real location is within 5m distance of the given point.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(1 messages)_
---

Fri, 20 May 2022 23:52:39 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks is anyone seeing a slight pause when the app splashscreen is removed using the fadeout animation? It's like the animation gets stuck briefly when it's only half complete and the transparency isn't full.
> 
