## Cordova Slack Digest
Fri, 27 May 2022 08:21:53 GMT

[User count: 4692](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #general__ _(5 messages)_
---

Thu, 26 May 2022 13:25:31 GMT

__@texnikos__ says 
> Hello everyone! Glad i could make it here and i would be even happier if i could get a hand on my error. I am total newbie on this. Just followed tutorials manage to compile my app almost a year before till now that after my last update on the end of March around 25/03 that was successfull i think gradle made some update on 31/03 which i really dont needed but i have to deal somehow and manage to rebuild my app cause people need to get the update as soon as possible.
> My links for infos on the prob are these but i can explain easy here too.
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/issues/1436>
> 

Thu, 26 May 2022 13:29:09 GMT

__@texnikos__ says 
> If i could use the previous gradle without having to go through all these updates that would be awesome
> 

Thu, 26 May 2022 13:29:37 GMT

__@texnikos__ says 
> cause i think if i have to go to the latest gradle i will have to update also javac and the signed code needed etc etc
> 

Thu, 26 May 2022 13:37:34 GMT

__@texnikos__ says 
> i dont use google play to distribute my app
> 

Thu, 26 May 2022 13:37:50 GMT

__@texnikos__ says 
> so i dont have anything that bounds me to follow updates or anything
> 

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 26 May 2022 22:54:57 GMT

__@jessica__ says 
> Hey guys, I recently updated to Xcode 13.4 + Monterey, and have been working on releasing an update to a Cordova iPad app. We're using Cordova 10 and ios platform 6.2. In the past, I had no trouble building with the cordova cli, but now i'm getting an error:
> 
> &gt; Unable to find a destination matching the provided destination specifier:
> &gt; 		{ platform:iOS Simulator, OS:latest, name:iPhone SE (3rd generation) }
> The reason that destination isn't available is because it's an iPhone, and my app is only for iPads, so that's not a valid build target.
> I have been trying to figure out how to pass the destination to the xcodebuild command, I've tried --buildFlag:
> 
> `cordova build ios --buildFlag='-destination "platform=iOS Simulator,name=iPad (9th generation)"'`
> 
> As well as using build.json:
> ```    ios: {
>       "buildFlag": [
>         "-destination platform=iOS Simulator,name=iPad (9th generation)"
>       ]
>     }```
> But neither work. I get the following error:
> 
> &gt; No simulator found for ". Falling back to the default target.
> ...and it falls back to the iPhone SE target.
> 
> The only way I can build the app is to check the box in XCode to include iPhone as a target, which results in the iPhone SE being available, then build the app, then remember to uncheck that box before I build and archive.
> 
> Am I missing something in the syntax for the build command?
> 
> I'm concerned that the manual step of unchecking iPhone will be forgotten, either way, it'd be best if we could use the command line to build our project without a workaround, which wasn't necessary before.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(2 messages)_
---

Thu, 26 May 2022 15:37:22 GMT

__@texnikos__ says 
> Hello to all! i posted my error on general (i am total newbie on cordova and builds and connections between all of these stuff but i can handle if someone who knows point or guide me a bit) and i want to use my build as it was before the last gradle (i guess) update to 7 or 5 or whatever was that at end of March.
> After that update which i never done when i build the android from cordova it has some errors and i just dont want to update anything. I want to be able to use my previous build as it was if that is possible. Here is the link to my problem and i really cant find what is the problem and how to fix it (Please i really need to fix it) i have an app online which needs update as soon as i can.
> <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/issues/1436>
> 
> Thank you in advance for anyone who can be of a help!
> 

Thu, 26 May 2022 15:38:32 GMT

__@texnikos__ says 
> The problem is happening because always i have to remove the android platform and readd it so it gets some update lately which causes this problem
> 
