## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 23 Jun 2022 08:22:12 GMT

[User count: 4692](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-ios__ _(1 messages)_
---

Wed, 22 Jun 2022 19:03:51 GMT

__@jc0110cj__ says 
> I created a default app using the latest releases and get some startup leaks when running with Instruments on iOS 15.5.  Is this a false positive or maybe my slow Air--Instruments claims to be dropping data--is part of the problem?  Added a couple of startup images and the leak seemed to expand.
> 

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(3 messages)_
---

Wed, 22 Jun 2022 16:39:10 GMT

__@ucheozoemena__ says 
> Hi folks please what's an efficient way to debug a problem where the backbutton event doesn't fire when the back button is pressed?
> 
> - I know there was a recent release of the splashscreen plugin meant to address this problem, and I'm using it but the problem persists.
> - I've checked in logcat to see if any errors occur when the backbutton is pressed, but there are none
> Anyone have any other ideas for how else I can investigate this? Thanks.
> 

Wed, 22 Jun 2022 16:51:37 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> if you attach a listener to `backbutton` event, then the default behaviour is overridded and handled completely in the webview (native will invoke an event in js instead of doing the platform default logic). Your application code will be responsible for back button logic.
> 
> Otherwise, <https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/blob/4916e1db5108291f837a7174563c4d85be8ba5a2/framework/src/org/apache/cordova/CordovaWebViewImpl.java#L609> I think is the area of interest. You can try debugging from Android Studio using a native breakpoint.
> 

Wed, 22 Jun 2022 16:54:23 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Also if you're using cordova frameworks like ionic or whatever, then it may be worth while to see if you can make a reproduction app without the framework installed, it could help isolate the issue. It will eliminate any framework influence, or it may prove that the issue is in fact inside the framework rather than cordova.
> 
> Regardless, it will help get you on the right track.
> 
