## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 10 Nov 2022 08:23:25 GMT

[User count: 4715](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(8 messages)_
---

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 10:32:52 GMT

__@leo.skrilax91__ says 
> Hi !
> i come here for a little help, i need to call an other app using Deep link / URL scheme, i tried to make a simple call using axios but this not work, i have an error saying "ERR_UNKNOWN_URL_SCHEME"
> 

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 15:35:40 GMT

__@noelie__ says 
> Hello! I need your help before I go nuts.
> I have quite severa problems.
> One is with gradle. When I do the cordova requirements, I get C:\pathto\Gradle\gradle-6.6.1\bin\gradle.BAT. So I guess my gradle version is 6.6.1.
> In my project structure, I get Android gradle plugin version 7.0.1 and gradle version 7.0.2
> And in my upgrade assistant on android studio, it goes down to 4.2.2 ... I don't get it. I have no idea how to solve this because right now, when I try to build, I have the "cannot find method compile()"  error. Of course I don't have compile anymore as it is implementation !
> 
> Second problem is that I have an error in my cordova.gradle file
> ```import io.github.g00fy2.versioncompare.Version```
> cannot resolve symbol 'io'. Which is a huge problem because now the versions in this file are not aknowledged and I can't build my app.
> 
> ```compileSdkVersion cordovaConfig.SDK_VERSION```
> this gets an error. to the system, cordovaConfig.SDK_VERSION just doesn't exist.
> You must think I am crazy, especially with the gradle mess, but I swear I don't know what happened xD
> 

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 15:47:37 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> A typical setup for Gradle is that you have system install (in your case, v 6.6.1) but that version isn't actually used for the overall build. A gradle project uses Gradle to download a specific version of Gradle to be used for that local project, this is called the gradle wrapper. So cordova will use gradle to install a local gradle wrapper at a specific version.
> 
> `compile` used to be an instruction in Gradle but it's been deprecated for some time now and recently have been completely removed. Usually simply replacing `compile`with `implementation` is sufficient.
> 
> &gt; cordovaConfig.SDK_VERSION just doesn't exist.
> This suggests that you have something else going on. The cordova config is provided by a JSON file which contains several variables, it should be generated by a defaults file, but manipulated based on preferences inside `config.xml`. At this point I'd probably suggest starting from scratch and work from there. Remove the platform via `cordova platform remove android`, and ensure that `platforms/android` doesn't actually exists. Then re-add it using `cordova platform add android@11` (11 is the latest version, but you could replace it with another version if you're aren't ready to use 11 yet)
> 

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 15:57:46 GMT

__@noelie__ says 
> hello! thank your for your answer 🙂 .
> I agree with the compile element, I did change to implementation, but now, when I try to build, i have this error
> `Caused by: org.gradle.internal.metaobject.AbstractDynamicObject$CustomMessageMissingMethodException: Could not find method compile() for arguments [me.leolin:ShortcutBadger:1.1.22@aar] on object of type org.gradle.api.internal.artifacts.dsl.dependencies.DefaultDependencyHandler.`
> 

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 15:58:39 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> Seems like something is still using `compile` for the `me.leolin:ShortcutBadger` dependency
> 

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 16:01:36 GMT

__@noelie__ says 
> there was indeed. I searched for it earlier but did not find it. I may have missed something. Thank you for that!
> 

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 16:02:59 GMT

__@noelie__ says 
> about second problems, I did remove/put back the platform, but it still does it. The build is done successfully though
> 

Wed, 09 Nov 2022 16:03:12 GMT

__@noelie__ says 
> thank you, I needed an experienced pair of eyes
> 
