## Cordova Slack Digest
Thu, 21 Jul 2022 08:21:48 GMT

[User count: 4694](https://cordova.slack.com/)


Join the conversation at [slack.cordova.io](http://slack.cordova.io/)

### __Channel #cordova-android__ _(6 messages)_
---

Wed, 20 Jul 2022 23:00:39 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> EDIT
> Hi everybody, I just got a new laptop so moving finaly to Cordova 11 and android@11, learning versioning etc.
> I got 2 issues from cordova when building:
> 1.
> &gt; No usable Android build tools found. Highest 32.x installed version is 31.0.0; Recommended version is 32.0.0.
> but in my Android Studio I have version 33.0.0(only this version) installed and my PATH is pointing to it
> C:\Users\AAA\AppData\Local\Android\Sdk\build-tools\33.0.0\
> Anyone know how to fix that?
> 2.
> "You can use '--warning-mode all' to show the individual deprecation warnings.."
>  with quotes or without quotes it gives
> The platform "all" does not appear to have been added to this project.
> How to use warning mode all?
> 

Wed, 20 Jul 2022 23:20:44 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> cordova by default is set to use version 32. It's looking for the latest version of 32.x. It hasn't been tested against API/build tools 33 so it won't select it without explicitly telling it to use it.
> 
> Unless if you have a specific need to use 33, it would be best to install v32 of build tools.
> 
> If you do need v33, then use `&lt;preference name="android-buildToolsVersion" value="33.0.0" /&gt;`
> 
> You'll also have to set your `PATH` variable accordingly.
> 

Wed, 20 Jul 2022 23:21:20 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> There's no guarentee that build tools v33 will work with cordova-android@11, but if it does work it would be good to know.
> 

Wed, 20 Jul 2022 23:56:15 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> now I set SDK to 32.0.0
> but got another error
> * What went wrong:
> Execution failed for task ':app:processDebugMainManifest'.
> &gt; Manifest merger failed : android:exported needs to be explicitly specified for element &lt;receiver#nl.xservices.plugins.ShareChooserPendingIntent&gt;. Apps targeting Android 12 and higher are required to specify an explicit value for `android:exported` when the corresponding component has an intent filter defined. See <https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/activity-element#exported> for details. 
> &gt; 
> &gt; on internet I found
> &gt; Step 2: Update your `appcompat` library to `implementation 'androidx.appcompat:appcompat:1.4.1'`
> &gt; Step 3: In the AndroidManifest file add `android:exported = true` to your activity launcher.
> &gt; 
> &gt; but I dont know how to do that (
> 

Wed, 20 Jul 2022 23:58:24 GMT

__@norman137__ says 
> all libraries and applications must do that. Cordova has done that since a patch release of v10 (i forget which version exactly) but if you have plugins that imports native libraries, it also needs `android:exported=true`. This is not something you can fix necessarily yourself, especially if the library is closed source.
> 
> So whichever plugin that adds `receiver#nl.xservices.plugins.ShareChooserPendingIntent` I'd check to see if the plugin has an update. If not, then it may need to be updated to use a newer version of a native library.
> 

Thu, 21 Jul 2022 00:16:50 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> I tracked that to cordova-plugin-x-socialsharing . The plugin is not maintained anymore but some brave soul created fork and its building now
> Thank you
> I and community are lucky to have you
> 

### __Channel #plugins__ _(1 messages)_
---

Thu, 21 Jul 2022 01:36:24 GMT

__@info460__ says 
> by chance anyone know cordova geofence plugin which is maintained?
> 
